Douluo Dalu 2 – The Unrivaled Tang-Clan

Combat Continent 2

Douluo Dalu 2 - Exceptional Tang Sect

Douluo Dalu 2 - Jueshi Tangmen





Author : Tang Jia San Shao





Synopsis :

A strange continent in another world,

No magic, no battle qi, no martial arts, only martial spirits. Ten thousand years after the Tang clan was founded on the Douluo continent, the Tang clan has declined.

A whole new generation of proud talents has been born. Will the new generation of the Seven monsters of Shrek be able to reestablish the Tang Clan and compose a tale of greatness for the unrivaled Tang Clan?





* * *





Info :

http://www.novelupdates.com/series/douluo-dalu-2-the-unrivaled-tang-clan/





Raws :





Translator :

https://cookiepasta.com/douluo-dalu-ii-jueshi-tangmen/table-of-contents/





Table Of Chapters :





Prologue





Chapter 1 – Spirit Eye Youngster

Chapter 2 – Daydream Ice Silkworm

Chapter 3 – Million Year Spirit Ring

Chapter 4 – Thunderbolt Beibei

Chapter 5 – First Glimpse Of The Gateway

Chapter 6 – Douluo Continent’S Number One Academy

Chapter 7 – Freshmen Admissions

Chapter 8 – Monster Teacher

Chapter 9 – Bright Goddess Butterfly

Chapter 10 – First Experience With Spirit Guide Device





Chapter 11 – The Weakest Class President

Chapter 12 – Xu Sanshi And Jiang Nannan

Chapter 13 – Mystic Water Pill

Chapter 14 – Daydream Points

Chapter 15 – Three Months

Chapter 16 – Freshman Examination

Chapter 17 – First Cooperation, Dual Control

Chapter 18 – Thirty Third District, Three Vs Three

Chapter 19 – Battle Spirit Fusion Skill Inescapable Net

Chapter 20 – Haodong Spirit Fusion





Chapter 21 – Triple Innate Battle Spirit Fusion?

Chapter 22 – Haodong Power

Chapter 23 – Fading In Radiance, Golden Road

Chapter 24 – The Bet

Chapter 25 – Seven Treasure Crystal Vs Spirit Eye

Chapter 26 – Weighing The Country, Cauldron Shock

Chapter 27 – Enemy? Brother?

Chapter 28 – Tacit Cooperation, Haodong Wins

Chapter 29 – The Two Great Deans

Chapter 30 – Finals

Chapter 31 – Golden Road VS Nether White Tiger

Chapter 32 – Rewards and Core Disciples

Chapter 33 – Two Spirit Bones

Chapter 34 – Preparing for Battle While Knowing It’s a Loss





第35章 我还没有输！

第36章 觉醒的灰色

第37章 护短的霸王花老师

第38章 一级半魂导师霍雨浩？

第39章 极北三大天王

第40章 天梦?冰帝

第41章 冰碧帝皇蝎

第42章 造神？

第43章 融合，极限痛苦的考验

第44章 完美融合，红色魂环！

第45章 你还活着吗？

第46章 灵眸的第二魂技

第47章 二级魂导师徽章

第48章 恐怖的威慑！





Combat Continent 2 – Jueshi Tangmen Prologue





The light gently touched the delicate skin of the mist like a mother’s warm embrace; creating a beautiful, illusionary scene. In the distance, there stood a towering palace covered by a nimbus glow.





In the mist, a shadow stood quietly, gazing mysteriously into the distance.





With blue hair draping down like a waterfall to the ground, it would not have been hard to mistake him as a beautiful woman if not for his imposing stature and broad shoulders.





He wore a luxurious blue robe that rippled like ocean waves. However, upon a closer look, your gaze would be sucked into its deep blue. Even your soul would be sucked into this infinite, never-ending blue.





From his handsome face, he didn’t look much over the age of twenty. But his gaze seemed like a void that also contains all under heaven. Occasionally, a flash of purple spark made his dark eyes even more captivating to the viewer, giving the viewer a sense of their own imminent mortality.





“Aii..” the man sighed softly, showing a hint of sadness between his brows. His eyes were slightly closed, almost as if contemplating the truth of the universe.





“Brother San,” a soft voiced called out. A figure appeared from the illusory mist at the side of the blue clothed man, naturally and gently holding his arm. The action was done smoothly as if done countless times in the past.





Wearing a long pink dress, a woman stood with long hair gently hanging down her back in a scorpion braid. From the side, one could see her beautiful, delicate neck and her perfect figure outlined by the dress.





With a slight smile on her beautiful face, she leaned her head onto his shoulder as her scorpion braid swung and tangled with the man’s long, blue hair.





The handsome man’s face showed a hint of helpless and an adoring smile, “Still so mischievous even when you’re a mother now.”





The pink dressed woman pouted, “So what if I’m a mother now? Can’t I still act spoiled? Even though you’re the enforcer of the God realm, heir of the sea god, you’re still called Tang San. Still my third brother.”





Tang San pulled the pink dressed woman into his embrace, “Of course you can. No matter what, you will always be my beloved Xiao Wu. Just don’t let your precious daughter see it. Otherwise, she would fight you for my adoration.”





Hearing Tan San mention their daughter, her eyes suddenly became soft, “Xiao Qi (little seven) is too clingy. Only when she is asleep can we have our privacy. Brother San, I just noticed a hint of unhappiness in your eyes. Is it because of Douluo Dalu again?”





Tang San nodded and sighed, “One day in the God Realm, one year in the human realm. It’s always like that. Back then, I wanted to stay longer in Douluo Dalu, but because the God Kings of Good and Evil had a bet, I couldn’t help but come back to the God realm to take charge. I didn’t expect that twenty years in the God realm and ten thousand years in Douluo Dalu, Tangmen would be nearly gone.”





Angrily, Xiao Wu said, “Good and Evil, those two guys were way too cunning. Using the excuse of a bet to have fun in the mortal realm. They don’t have a sense of responsibility at all. The little couple they found to replace them are too pitiful. If not, we could have just let them take charge and that would be easier on you.”





Tang San responded, “Even though the God King and the God Enforcer look very esteemed, not everyone wants to take the responsibility. After ten thousand years, Douluo Dalu has changed, looking a bit chaotic. Especially the moving of the tectonic plates that caused the bumping of the continents four thousand years ago. It not only doubled the area of Douluo Dalu, but also brought over many changes.”





“Tangmen also started withering around that time! Brother San, don’t think too much. From a certain perspective, Tangmen’s collapse is also because of the passing of the ages.”





Tang San nodded, “You’re right, but Tangmen was made by me. I can’t bear to see it end like this. Yet as the Enforcer, I can’t be involved in this. But, recently, there seems to be a new star coming into existence with an undeterminable relationship with my Tangmen. I tried to look at his destiny but it is unclear. Hopefully, everything will turn out for the better.”





Xiao Wu’s eyes sparkled, “Even you say he is a new star. Then he must be a very good candidate. If we let him take over for you, wouldn’t we finally have time to go out to play?”





Tang San raised his hand and brushed Xiao Wu’s nose, “You. All you know is to play.”





As they spoke, a small head peaked out from the clouds. She looked eleven or twelve with big blinking beautiful eyes. She looked just like Tang San but with a slimmer outline and with eyes more like Xiao Wu.





“I always hear daddy and mommy talk about Douluo Dalu. It sounds so fun! Hehe.” As she said this, her small delicate figure disappeared into the clouds.





Chapter 01 – Spirit Eye Youngster

Part 1





A huge, golden, palace-like building stood shining brilliantly under the sun. With a golden rooftop and a red gate, this ancient style gave people a sense of solemnity. It stretched out into the distance with no end in sight. Hanging on the front gate were three big characters: Duke’s Estate. This mansion, which covered more than three thousand acres, did not belong to any city. Instead, it was a separate entity located eighty kilometers northwest of the Star Luo capital, Star Luo City. From this, you could see that the owner of this mansion had a truly respected status within the empire.





At noon, the brilliant sunshine reflected on the crystal glazed tiles, such that all of Duke’s Estate was covered with a dazzling gold layer; a sight visible even from the edge of the city.





The back gate quietly opened and a thin figure discretely slipped out. He looked like an eleven or twelve year old young man. Average build. Dressed in a simple, clean, gray, commoner’s outfit, carrying a medium sized bag. His short, black hair looked clean and neat. His handsome, little face showed a hint of determination way beyond his age.





Closing the door lightly, the youngster quickly walked out, then suddenly stopped. He turned around and looked at the mansion. Within his dark blue eyes was a deep hatred.





“Mom, are you watching from heaven? No matter how much effort is needed, there will be a day when I will come back and crush everything under my foot. From now on, I will take your last name, changing my name to Huo; Huo Yu Hao.” After saying this sentence, he gazed at this mansion and turned, walking away with a strong determination.





He did not walk southeast towards the city, but rather ran towards the north. His small figure slowly disappeared into the blazing noon sun. Although he was thin and small, as he left, he never gave anyone a sense of helplessness.





No matter which direction you go from Duke’s Estate, there are broad roads. As he ran, his eyes turned red.





“Mom…” In his mind, he subconsciously replayed the scene in which his mother unwillingly passed away. He couldn’t help but grit his teeth tightly.





“Be strong. I must be strong. Mom taught me before that we can only depend on ourselves. Only if we are strong can we live a better life.” Flashes of memory continuously replayed in his mind.





Huo Yuhao’s mom was the duke’s maid. She grew up with the duke and lived for him. However, one night twelve years ago, Huo Yuhao secretly appeared in his mother’s womb. After ten months, he was born.





It didn’t matter what status his mom was, he was still the duke’s son. Although he never received the best treatment in the house, it was never horrible. Mom was no longer a maid. She even received her own courtyard. Everything should have been fine from then, but no one could have imagined that a catastrophe was about to occur.





The duke went to war representing Star Luo Empire. All decisions within the mansion were given to the duke’s wife. The duke’s wife had one son and one daughter. She controlled everything that could have affected her offspring. When the duke was there, the mansion was fine. However, once he left, the mansion became the wife’s world. This wife was also the emperor’s favorite daughter.





Because Huo Yuhao’s mom grew up with the duke, the duke had always liked her a lot and the duke’s wife was always jealous of her. With the duke’s absence, his mom became her target.





Using the excuse that his mom had an infectious disease, the duke’s wife kicked them to the woodshed in the back of the servant’s quarter. She also took away all of their sources of income. At that time, Huo Yuhao was only two.





It was inevitable that this harsh life would take a toll on his mom’s health. Over time, she couldn’t take the pressure anymore. When he was ten, she fell ill and passed away.





Due to the continental collision four thousand years ago, the continent’s size increased dramatically, but this also increased the frequency of war. Ten thousand years ago, Douluo Dalu only had two countries: Sky Dou and Star Luo. In the present, there are now three countries. Within them, Star Luo Empire still existed, but the royal family changed often. Fortunately, they had already dominated the other powers and united the kingdom under one force. However, the Sky Dou empire was split into the Sky Spirit Empire and the Dou Ling Empire.





The Sun-Moon continent from the west was slightly smaller than the Douluo continent, but still vast and bountiful. However, there was only one country, named: Sun-Moon Empire.





After the continental collision, war began immediately. Due to a common enemy, the three countries on the Douluo continent formed a coalition army. After about twenty years of war, they finally defeated the Sun-Moon Empire and unified the continent under the name of Douluo. Sun-Moon continent no longer existed. There was only Sun-Moon Empire now.





Although the Sun-Moon Empire was defeated, they were never completely wiped out. Using conflict between the three countries, the four opposing forces gradually formed a stable stalemate, but wars were still a common occurrence.





Because the duke was often on the battlefield, he was rarely within the mansion. Under the deliberate concealment of the duke’s wife, Huo Yuhao’s mom was slowly forgotten. Whenever the duke asked questions about his mom, the duke’s wife would respond by saying she was suffering from diseases.





Huo Yuhao’s mother put up with numerous hardships and brought him up. When he was six years old, he underwent his spirit awakening.





Battle Spirit was an ability that everyone on Douluo Continent possessed. Although the Sun-Moon Empire had a different direction of development from the other three countries, the Battle Spirit was still a common foundation.





Everyone was born with a Battle Spirit which would be awakened upon reaching six years old. The spirit could be anything, such as tools, animals, and so on. Animal type Battle Spirits were usually called Beast Spirits. Besides Beast Spirits, other types were known as Tool Spirits. Of course there were also unique variant spirits.





After the awakening, only a small percentage of Battle Spirits would bring forth a special power, called Spirit Power. Only the people who had Spirit Power could cultivate into the most noble profession, Spirit Master.





Spirit Masters were divided into ten levels. From low to high, they were: Spirit Scholar, Spirit Master, Spirit Grandmaster, Spirit Elder, Spirit Ancestor, Spirit King, Spirit Emperor, Spirit Saint, Spirit Douluo and Title Douluo.





The higher the level, the higher the power. Upon reaching the Title Douluo level, one could have the terrifying strength to move mountains, fill oceans, or change the course of stars.





Part 2





Spirit Power ranging from one to ten is within the limits of a Spirit Scholar. During spirit awakening, the greater the innate Spirit Power, the more potential one will have after becoming a Spirit Master. Even the future cultivation will be faster. At awakening, if the innate Spirit Power is already at level ten, one will have the greatest potential and be called a genius Spirit Master. As long as the Battle Spirit itself is not too bad, that person will accomplish great feats.





Although Huo Yuhao is the son of the duke, he did not inherit the powerful Battle Spirit of the duke. Otherwise, even if the duke’s wife didn’t like him, she will still have to report it. In that case, Huo Yuhao and his mother’s destiny would have been different.





Unfortunately, Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit had a very unique variation.





Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit is the Spirit Eye.





In the different categories of Battle Spirits, there is a small category that does not belong to either Tool Spirits or Beast Spirits. It is a spirit of one’s own body. Which means after awakening, the Battle Spirit could appear as a hand, foot, and so on.





Almost all the Body Battle Spirits are extremely strong. However, they rarely appear. It could be said that they are even greater than Tool and Beast Spirits. So, as long as it appears, it will be highly valued.





Unfortunately, Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit was an exception.





The place where his Battle Spirit appeared was his eyes. Not only that, it is among the rarest type of mental attribute Battle Spirit. Under normal circumstances, Huo Yuhao would have received a lot of attention. Unfortunately, there were two points restricting his development. At the time of his awakening, he only had an innate Spirit Power of one, which indicates the worst potential. His cultivation would be even slower than average. Not only that, his second problem is even worse. Not only is the mental attribute rare for a Battle Spirit, it is also rare to find a mental attribute Spirit Beast. However, every Spirit Master will need to kill a Spirit Beast of his own attribute once reaching the tenth level bottleneck of each spirit grade to break through to the next level.





Not only is a spirit ring needed for a breakthrough, it can also give the Spirit Master a new ability. This is essentially where the power of a Spirit Master comes from.





With these two limiting factors, it could be said that it would be impossible for Huo Yuhao to make something of himself.





However, as the duke’s son, he was still able to learn the basic methods for cultivating his Spirit Power. But after a long period of time, it was proven that his potential is simply too lacking.





Within Duke’s Estate, even a servant’s child would reach a Spirit Power of ten within three years of training and break through from Spirit Scholar to Spirit Master.





Today, Huo Yuhao is already eleven years old. After five years, his Spirit Power could only reach ten by using three times as much effort as his peers.





After his mother died, he stayed in Duke’s Estate for another year. Even though he wanted to leave, he was still young and had no source of income. The only thing he could do was hide all his hatred and grievances in his heart. Under such stress, his heart matured much faster than his peers.





His mother once told him that if he wants to succeed, the only way is to become a Spirit Master. Even the most common Spirit Master would have a higher position than the average person.





Under the worst conditions, Huo Yuhao had finally reached a Spirit Power of ten yesterday. And this is the day he had decided upon when he would leave Duke’s Estate.





Now, he needs a spirit ring. Even the lowest grade of the ten-year spirit rings will be okay. As long as he obtains one, he will be able to become a true Spirit Master and have his own ability.





On the Douluo continent, Spirit Beasts of different levels are divided by years. There is a close connection between the quality of the spirit ring, the years lived by Spirit Beasts, and their abilities.





In general, Spirit Beasts are divided into ten-year, hundred-year, thousand-year, ten-thousand-year, and hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beasts.





A Spirit Master must personally kill the Spirit Beast in order to obtain a spirit ring.





If Huo Yuhao stayed in Duke’s Estate, there would have been no chance to obtain a spirit ring. No one would have ever helped him. Because of this, even if he knows there is a high chance of dying if he went alone, he still went with the virtue of a fearless courage.





Going directly north, he quickly stepped onto the main road. Even though he was still young, he still made many preparations to obtain a spirit ring. In his little backpack, there is a set of clean clothes, some dry food, money his mom had worked hard for, and a short blade. Other than these, there is the most important thing: a simple map of the continent.





Duke’s Estate and Star Luo City both lie to the northern region of Star Luo Empire. Similarly, the place Huo Yuhao chose to find a Spirit Beast, Star Dou Forest bordering Sky Spirit Empire, is also in the north. In this vast forest, which almost occupies the area of an entire province, there lives a wide variety of Spirit Beasts, without a lack for powerful creatures.





People would be shocked to learn that the eleven year old Huo Yuhao was heading into the Star Dou Forest without a teacher accompanying him.





Huo Yuhao ran quickly on the straight road. Although he is young, he is still a tenth level Spirit Scholar who is much stronger than normal people of his age.





As he went forward, his deep blue eyes glowed with clarity.





Since his spirit awakening, Huo Yuhao has had eyesight above the ordinary. Up close, he can discern details impossible for the common eye. Far away, he can see twice as far as the normal person.





With the rise of his Spirit Power, his eyesight will improve even more. As he cultivates, his body will change more. This made him even more determined to heed his mother’s words: *Spirit Master, I must become a Spirit Master.*





“Mother said that if I can obtain a spirit ring, I will be a control system Battle Spirit Master. My Battle Spirit isn’t that bad. However, my potential is bad, so I will need to spend more time and effort cultivating.”





With this firm belief, Huo Yuhao cultivated as he moved forward. When thirsty, he drank from mountain springs. When hungry, he ate the biscuits he brought. Other than traveling, he spent the rest of the time meditating. For his young age, the fact that he traveled more than one hundred fifty kilometers in a day can only be called miraculous.





He is only carrying seven silver coins and five bronze coins, and spends very little.





Since the war between the two continents ended, the currency was unified. One gold coin equals ten silver coins equals one hundred bronze coins.





When he was little, his mother would slip out of Duke’s Estate to find fruits and wild vegetables so that he can eat better. Because of this, Huo Yuhao could recognize many types of vegetation. Frequently, he would not even buy the cheapest coarse food to save money. Instead, he would go into the forest by the side of the road to scavenge for food.





Part 3





After all, this is the first time that Huo Yuhao has gone traveling. Even with the map, he still went the wrong way several times. He had to constantly ask people passing by for the right direction.





He learned many things as he traveled over the period of a few days, just as the famous saying says, traveling a thousand miles is better than reading a thousand books. Without the constant pressures and bondage, his mood improved greatly. He was often excited as he saw fantastic things while traveling. No matter what, he is still young. He recovers quickly from traveling. He is more like a little bird who finally escaped from a cage. Since the death of his mother, this is the first time that he experienced happiness.





“I have been walking for six days already. I should be there soon,” Huo Yuhao said as he carefully looked at the map and the direction of the road surrounded by the shadows of the trees. He determined that he is already very close to Star Dou forest.





Wiping off the sweat on his forehead, he headed into the forest and found a shadow to recover his energy. Suddenly, the gurgling sound of water traveled to him. Excited, he jumped up.





There is water! This means that he can finally change how he had been living.





Closing both eyes, Huo Yuhao quietly listened for the direction the sound of water was coming from. Being one possessing a mental attribute Battle Spirit, his sixth sense is much stronger than normal. Especially when he closes his eyes, his other five senses could increase somewhat.





Soon, he determined the direction and carefully went into the forest. His carefulness is not only because of the uneven ground but because he feared thorns that can pierce his clothes. This was made personally by his mother.





He found his target less than two hundred meters away. It was a creek with a width of three meters. Its water was crystal clear and brought a sense of refreshing coolness.





Huo Yuhao cheered as he quickly took his clothes off and jumped into the shallow stream. The last time he had a bath was two days ago. After two days of travel, he was glad to be able to enjoy the cold water.





After his bath, he felt refreshed and headed toward the forest for a good night of rest. He washed all his dirty clothes and hung them on the branches. Then he broke off a branch about one meter in length.





In his right hand, he held a dagger with a dark green handle. He doesn’t know what type of leather the sheath is made of. All he knows about the dagger is that it is the only gift his father had given to his mother. When his mother died, this precious gift was then given to him.





The comfortable handle is about twelve centimeters long; simple with no decoration. When the dagger is pulled out, no sound can be heard. The eighteen centimeter blade almost seems transparent and gives off a dense cold feeling that even made Huo Yuhao shudder.





The name of the dagger is the White Tiger Dagger. As Huo Yuhao stares at the dagger, he felt a sense of sadness almost as if seeing his mother’s figure.





Huo Yuhao sharpened the branch that he picked up earlier with ease and put the dagger back onto his back. He arrived at the stream with the sharpened stick.





His eyes suddenly lit up as he took a deep breath. Suddenly, all the details from the stream are enlarged in his eyes. Even subtle changes like tiny shrimps under the small river rocks can not escape his Spirit Eyes’ gaze. Furthermore, everything that enters his eyes is slowed down.





As fast as lightning, the branch in Huo Yuhao’s hand flew into the water. Catching fish can be said to be difficult for most. However, for someone like Huo Yuhao possessing the Spirit Eye, it is a piece of cake. This is another reason why he was so excited when he heard the water. Other than catching fish himself, he had not had any other kind of meat in the last six days.





A small fish like this will not be enough for him. After a short while, he had already caught more than ten fish.





“This is great. It should be enough to last me two days. If I cook it, it would last longer, too.”





Huo Yuhao happily crouched beside the stream and cleaned the fish with his White Tiger Dagger. The sharp dagger scraped off the scales and cut out the innards easily. This type of work was easy for Huo Yuhao since he had worked with his mother since he was young. In a quarter of an hour, he had already prepared more than ten fish.





He put the cleaned fish on large leaves from the forest and found some dry sticks to make a bonfire. In a short period, a small bonfire started beside the stream.





Even though he only had salt on him, it was enough for the roasted fish. He skewered the fish with thin sticks and salted the inside of their stomachs. He also took out some purple leaves from his backpack and stuffed them into the fish’s bellies. Afterwards, he made a small shelf from branches lying around and put the fish on top of the shelf to cook.





After a while, a flavourful smell rose from the fire. It smelled very strong and was full of allure. As Huo Yuhao turned the fish, they changed from green to a golden yellow color accompanied by that alluring smell, making the fish especially attractive





For the first time, he only cooked two fish even though he had prepared many more. If he grilled more, he wouldn’t have been able to control the process.





“It smells so nice!”





Just then, a sweet and crisp voice surprised Huo Yuhao.





He looked in the direction in which the sound came from and saw two people walking along the stream. In the front was a young girl around fifteen or sixteen with long dark hair in a ponytail hanging behind her. She wore a tight, pale blue outfit that outlined her figure.





She had big and clever eyes, a high nose ridge and a near perfect oval face. Her blushing face showed a hint of pleasant surprise as she stared directly at Huo Yuhao’s freshly cooked fish.





Following her is a young man around the same age. He had a tall and slender body with a head full of short, deep blue hair which shone under the sun with a jewel-like luster. He is not very old but gave off a feeling of elegance. His handsome face held a lazy, warm smile as his hands support the back of his head. He also looked over at Huo Yuhao with interest. However, he looked at the person instead of the fish.





Part 4





The girl walking in the front skipped joyfully in front of Huo Yuhao with a mouth-watering look. “Little brother, are you selling this roast fish? It smells so good. How did you make it?”





Huo Yuhao had seen many beautiful girls in Duke’s Estate before, but never had a girl come so close to him. Furthermore, not a single girl in the mansion could compare with the young girl in front of him. This girl was not perfect, but had a delicate and fairy-like appearance.





Huo Yuhao said while blushing, “I.., why don’t I treat you!”





The young girl smiled and responded, “Little brother, you’re so shy. I will treat myself then.” As she said that, she reached out and grabbed the roast fish Huo Yuhao held out to her and sat down casually, trying to eat the fish while yelling hot.





At this time, the young man who came with the girl walked over to greet Huo Yuhao with a face full of resignation. Then he turned to the girl and said, “Xiao Ya, this little brother hasn’t even eaten yet, but you’re already indulging yourself.”





Xiao Ya stared back at him with wide eyes and said angrily, “What did you just call me?”





The young man raised his hands in surrender, “Okay, okay. Teacher Xiao Ya. Is that better?”





Xiao Ya flicked him a glance and said, “That’s better. Remember your place.” Although she isn’t much older, she had a seductive look. Any young man looking at her would have been dumbstruck. Huo Yuhao sitting on the side was too afraid to even look and could only hand the other cooked fish to the young man. “Big brother, I will treat you as well.”





The young man gave a slight smile and said, “A gentleman does not take the love of another. You haven’t eaten yet, little brother. Were you the one who caught these fish?”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “No problem, I can cook more.” As he said this, he stood and gave the cooked fish to the young man. With skilled movements, he set up another two fish on the wooden frame to continue cooking.





The young man smiled warmly, “I am Beibei. She is Tang Ya. What is your name, little brother?”





“I am Huo Yuhao,” Huo Yuhao responded as he carefully cooked the fish. On his journey, he had met a lot of people who helped him as he camped along the way. Because of this, when Tang Ya asked for his fish, he did not even hesitate before giving the fish to her. In the last few days, he learned that those away from home need to help each other.





Beibei sat down beside Tang Ya. The way he ate was much more elegant than Yang Ya. At least, he won’t be covering his entire hand with oil.





When the second batch of fish finished cooking, Tang Ya was already staring at it, waiting. Under Beibei’s helpless look, she took another one.





However, this time, she was reluctant to eat it and beckoned for Huo Yuhao to eat first. Actually, Huo Yuhao had been hungry since a while ago. He finally got to eat one while cooking more.





Even though the only spices were basil and salt, the fish tasted extremely delicious. They were not that big, but considering the amount these three youngsters just ate, it was still a huge amount.





“Too delicious! I had never eaten roasted fish this good. Little brother Huo Yuhao, why don’t I hire you as my chef? What do you think?” Tang Ya said as she stretched on the grass, showing off her curves but not giving a thought to it. Beibei shook his head as he looked at her helplessly.





“Do you have money, Teacher Tang Ya?” Beibei asked, destroying her dreams.





“Uh… I will have it later.” Tang Ya gave him a dissatisfied look as she sat up embarrassedly.





Huo Yuhao also stood up and said, “Brother Bei, Sister Tang, I need to go now.”





Beibei asked, “Brother Huo, why are you in this wilderness? We’re very close to the dangerous Star Dou Forest. Are you going there?”





Huo Yuhao shook his head and retrieved the dried clothes from the tree branches. After packing his clothes into his bag, he smiled at the two and waved good bye. With Tang Ya’s surprised look, he turned and left.





“He isn’t really going to Star Dou Forest, right?” Tang Ya said thoughtfully as she watched Huo Yuhao’s shadow disappear.





Beibei shook his head and said, “It’s hard to say. I can faintly feel that he has Spirit Power. But it’s very weak. He is also by himself. It really is a bit strange.”





Tang Ya extended her tongue a bit, “Hmm. He has Spirit Power. Why don’t we invite him to join our Tang Clan?”





Beibei responded snappily, “You aren’t inviting him because you liked his roasted fish, right?”





Beibei had guessed the exact thought that was going through Tang Ya’s mind. Tang Ya blushed and stuck out her tongue at Beibei.





Beibei said, “This Brother Huo must have experienced some significant event. You can see how mature he is from the light in his eyes. It’s too bad we don’t know his potential.”





Tang Ya’s face filled with happiness. “That means you agree?”





Beibei smiled bitterly, “The almighty master of Tang Clan, Miss Tang Ya, was all alone before you took me as a disciple. If you want to boost the clan’s power, you will need to accept any suitable individual. This Brother Huo looks very reliable. If his potential is okay, he would be a good candidate. From his clothes we can see that his situation probably isn’t very good. If our Tang Clan is to accept disciples now, then we should be looking for candidates like him.”





Tang Ya curiously looked at Beibei. “Looks like you’re pretty cunning huh.”





Beibei stood up and straightened his clothes. “This is called smart. Or I can also accept wise.





“Come on, let’s go. After eating so many of his fish, even if we don’t accept him into Tang Clan, we should still protect him in case a Spirit Beast shows up.”





Tang Ya stood up too and laughed. “You’re smart this time because we thought of the same thing. Let me wash up and we can go.”





Huo Yuhao didn’t know about the conversation they had after he left. He had planned to take some fish with him, but did not want to reveal he was a Spirit Master, so he decided not to catch more fish. His mother had taught him that one shouldn’t reveal too much to strangers. Even if he had a good feeling about Beibei and Tang Ya, he still decided to leave them after eating.





Even though Huo Yuhao is still young, he could see that Tang Ya and Beibei were not normal people. Just like Tang Ya said, this is a wilderness. But they did not even carry bags with them. Because of these suspicions, he decided it was better to quickly leave their company.





After eating a good meal, Huo Yuhao’s fatigue had been restored. He marked the location he was just at on the map in case he wanted to come back in the future.





Not far ahead, a wooden sign grabbed his attention: “Fifty Li ahead is the entrance to the Star Dou Forest. Spirit Beasts may appear. Be careful.”





He had finally reached his destination. In this instant, he felt both excitement and anxiety. He touched the White Tiger Dagger on his waist to calm himself and proceeded ahead.





The only way to succeed is to be a Spirit Master. This was the only thought running through his heart. He will never regret this decision.





Gradually, the air became cooler. Other than the coolness, there seemed to be a special pressure. Star Dou Forest was like the mouth of a beast, waiting for a young life to enter. Opportunity or…. to be swallowed!





Chapter 02 – Daydream Ice Silkworm

Part 1





Huo Yuhao is still young. After a short period of anxiety, his mood quickly changed to excitement. After walking so many days, he had finally reached his destination. His blood started boiling the moment he thought about finally getting a spirit ring and becoming a true Spirit Master. Although he was only eleven years old, he had already cultivated hard for more than five years.





In this excited state, Huo Yuhao subconsciously quickened his steps heading into the forest like he couldn’t wait another second.





Going forward, a strange sensation suddenly appeared in his mind. All he could feel were slight piercing pains in his eyes and he subconsciously circulated Spirit Power into them.





The air flowed weakly in spirals as Huo Yuhao seemed to see a fleeting shadow on the road in front.





As an extremely rare variant Battle Spirit, Spirit Eye could give him early warnings of danger. This sense of danger made Huo Yuhao very attentive. He rapidly threw his body to the left and grabbed the White Tiger Dagger from his waist.





A black figure flashed past from its initial position and struck the ground Huo Yuhao had just occupied. Up close, Huo Yuhao could finally see this shadow clearly.





It was a baboon with a height of a meter and a half. His entire body was covered with long brown hair. He had brown eyes and two abnormally long arms with sharp nails on his paws. His mouth showed sharp canines and his eyes shone fiercely. Missing his first strike, he gave a deep roar toward Huo Yuhao and kicked on the ground with his legs, charging forward again.





Although Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eye had not obtained a spirit ring, its innate abilities were not bad. Under his Spirit Power, the baboon’s lunge was much slower in his eyes. Huo Yuhao was previously lying on the ground but he quickly rolled to the left, jumped up, kicked back a few steps, and held out the White Tiger Dagger in front of his chest.





His nervous heartbeat sounded with clarity as his breathing increased. This was the first time he had ever faced an enemy. No, it was an animal attack. The hand holding the White Tiger Dagger was covered in sweat as he hesitated on how to deal with the threat.





Missing two consecutive strikes, the baboon became angry. He rose and thumped his chest with strong fists while roaring at Huo Yuhao with a wide, open mouth. Suddenly, a ball of white light flew out of his mouth toward Huo Yuhao.





Even if he was inexperienced, he could see that he was facing against a Spirit Beast. The current location was still a way outside of Star Dou Forest and he was not prepared at all. It would be a disaster if this ball of light shooting toward him hit its target.





In this instant, Huo Yuhao’s mind went completely blank. With the Spirit Eye, the ball of light did not look fast, but was really already in front of him.





At the same time the baboon shot out the light, the baboon himself also charged toward Huo Yuhao with a fierce expression.





As the white light arrived in front of him, the nervous Huo Yuhao had lost all ability to think. All he could do was instinctively raise his right hand holding the White Tiger Dagger against the white light.





A miraculous scene happened at this instant. At the same time the white light hit the dagger, the baboon had arrived as well with two long arms extended, claws catching Huo Yuhao’s shoulders.





With the battle having progressed thus far, one would assume that Huo Yuhao’s fate is already set. Would he really perish under this Spirit Beast’s claws?





Grabbing onto Huo Yuhao’s shoulders, the baboon used his superior strength to spin Huo Yuhao toward the sky, intending to throw him up.





At the same time, a wave of white light flashed next to Huo Yuhao. The baboon’s body suddenly turned stiff. Originally, he was about to throw Huo Yuhao up but somehow, he ended up motionless on the ground.





“Bang—“ Huo Yuhao’s body hit the nearby tree and slid down. He experienced a sudden darkness followed by a severe pain that took away his breath.





At this point, Huo Yuhao looked miserable. Both of his shoulders had a number of long blood trails. His shirt was nearly shredded.





However, he was able to wake from this intense pain. His gaze fell subconsciously on the motionless baboon on the ground.





A faint white light gradually appeared from its corpse. This white light slowly formed into a white ring above the body. The ring isn’t clear and the light flickered but it was still enough for him to be dumbstruck.





Spirit ring… This is a spirit ring? Huo Yuhao was so excited that his body started shaking. Even his wounds didn’t hurt much, anymore.





In Duke’s Estate, he had only learned the most basic method of meditation and had many unanswered questions about Spirit Beasts and spirit rings. Almost every guard in the mansion would talk about it; but this was the first time seeing it himself.





*Could it be that the beast is already dead?* Huo Yuhao thought blankly. Only when a Spirit Beast dies will its spirit ring be released! But… How did it die?





The power of the Spirit Eye appeared in this instant and a flood of memories emerged in his mind.





The baboon’s white light had hit the White Tiger Dagger and the dagger suddenly released a burst of light that absorbed all of the baboon’s white light into it. This was the instant that changed the entire outcome.





In accordance with the baboon’s fighting ability, the weak Huo Yuhao should have lost all ability to fight after receiving a direct hit. Then he was thrown onto the ground and lost at least half of his life. It was unthinkable that the baboon’s spirit ability could have been neutralized by Huo Yuhao’s White Tiger Dagger. Furthermore, the baboon had grabbed onto Huo Yuhao and was about to throw him. Huo Yuhao’s arms had swung out as a natural movement of his body being thrown which made the dagger in his right hand lift up.





Originally, the length of the White Tiger Dagger was not enough to reach the baboon. But in that moment, the dagger suddenly released a radiance that skimmed across the baboon. It seemed as if it had converted the light it absorbed earlier into a sharp edge. Although Huo Yuhao’s mind was blank at the time and he can’t remember, the blade’s radiance must have cut into the baboon’s body.





I actually won? Huo Yuhao looked at the white spirit ring as the excitement in his heart gradually faded.





The importance of a spirit ring to a Spirit Master is like the importance of a certain cylindrical object to a man’s body. It is something a Spirit Master must have to advance. However, not all spirit rings are suitable for a Spirit Master to absorb. Only spirit rings with a high degree of compatibility can be completely absorbed.





Part 2





A good spirit ring can boost the power of a Spirit Master, and the strength of the ring is based on the Spirit Beast’s age of practice.





A white spirit ring symbolizes that a Spirit Beast had lived for ten years. When a Spirit Beast between the years of ten to a hundred is killed, the white ring will be given off. The baboon gave off a white ring. However, it is a spirit ring that Huo Yuhao cannot absorb.





Although Huo Yuhao was very inexperienced in killing Spirit Beasts and could not see what attribute the baboon belonged to, he could still be sure that the baboon is not of the mental attribute. Since only the attribute that is highly compatible with one’s spirit can be absorbed easily, the baboon’s spirit ring does not suit Huo Yuhao at all.





Huo Yuhao wanted to check on the baboon’s condition but he was too weak to even stand. His whole body ached and he might faint if he tried any harder.





After all, Huo Yuhao was only eleven! With the encounter of the baboon, his determination wavered a bit. Mental attribute beasts were extremely rare and Huo Yuhao could not even dare to imagine the consequences if the Spirit Beast he had met was a hundred years old beast instead. He would have died for sure. Luck would not always be on his side.





Huo Yuhao sat up against the tree and became determined once again. *I must not die,* he thought to himself. *I still have to demand justice for my mom. I can’t give up like this.* The fight with the baboon had taught him what is meant by overestimating his own ability.





Just as Huo Yuhao was confused about what to do next, he noticed a voice in his head. “I finally met a human with the mental attribute! Unfortunately, Ge is unable to shed tears. Otherwise, I would be crying a river right now!”





Huo Yuhao was startled. He didn’t understand how and why the voice appeared in his head. Just then, the ground began to shake and cracks appeared two meters in front of him. The cracks became bigger and a faint golden light shone from it.





“What is this? Another Spirit Beast?”





Huo Yuhao subconsciously clenched the White Tiger Dagger as he stared nervously at the expanding cracks. If not for his sore body, he probably would have started running.





Cold chills emanated from the crack in the ground and the surrounding temperature began to decrease significantly. When the crack grew to the size of five meters in diameter, the golden light finally revealed its true identity.





It had a round head more than one meter in diameter. Slowly, it squirmed out of the ground and its body reached seven meters in length.





With its appearance, Huo Yuhao felt chills running through his body and his breath began to fog up.





It was definitely a Spirit Beast. However, he looked just like a silkworm; except many times larger.





He had a white body, almost crystal clear. Although it just came out of the soil, there was no trace of dirt on his skin. On his head, there was a pair of golden eyes. But the most unusual thing was that there was a total of ten golden halos that spanned its body starting half a meter from his head to his tail.





Seeing such a large body and the ability to alter temperature, Huo Yuhao’s facial expression showed a hint of desperation. “This is at least a hundred years old Spirit Beast. I guess I am finished.”





“Don’t be afraid. Ge will not harm you”. The voice appeared once again in Huo Yuhao’s mind. The silkworm nodded and moved to about thirty centimeters in front of him.





“Are you talking to me?”





The silkworm nodded. “Of course. Are you mesmerized by my beautiful body?“





Huo Yuhao did not sense any harmful intentions from the silkworm and therefore became more relaxed. “So, what do you want?”





“No hurry,” the silkworm stated. “Let me introduce myself first. I am the embodiment of heroism and chivalry. I am the most intelligent and beautiful Spirit Beast of all times. I have been training for one million years! I am the Daydream Iceworm with the highest life years recorded in the Douluo continent! Ah, and you can call me Daydream Ge!”





“A million years?!” Huo Yuhao could not believe that such an Spirit Beast can even exist. Isn’t the strongest Spirit Beast only supposed to be one hundred thousand years old?





“Surprised? Excited? You are the only human lucky enough to see me.” The silkworm said.





“What do you want from me?” Huo Yuhao asked with a blank expression.





“I want to become your spirit ring! The first ever intelligent mental attribute spirit ring in the history of Douluo continent”.





“What?” Huo Yuhao stared at the silkworm and for a moment, he lost his ability to think.





Everything came so suddenly. Of course he wanted a spirit ring. However, he had never wished for a ring that was more than ten years. Now, there’s suddenly a huge million years old silkworm that was willing to become his spirit ring. Huo Yuhao didn’t understand what was going on and could not be sure whether the silkworm was stating the truth.





However, it didn’t matter what the reality of the situation was. The silkworm was too strong for him to fight against.





Daydream Iceworm glanced at the forest and looked back at Huo Yuhao. “I’m going to start. I will be gentle and I will not hurt you.”





“You…” Before Huo Yuhao could protest, a swirl of cold air had knocked him unconscious. He vaguely saw a cloud of whiteness surrounding him and the next moment, any mental capability had escaped his control.





The golden halos from the silkworm’s body seemed to have come alive and the white cloud that Huo Yuhao saw was simply the body of the silkworm. The ten golden halos quickly surrounded Huo Yuhao’s thin body as the white clouds rushed into him.





Part 3





“Too weak, too weak. This is so pitiful. I’m so cold! How many bindings do I have to put on myself for his weak little body to accept me? It’s so hard being an intelligent spirit ring.”





A layer of formless mental energy fluctuating around the Daydream Iceworm flowed out as he tried to enter into Huo Yuhao’s body. This powerful mental energy instantly covered every corner within a one hundred sixty kilometer diameter.





The accelerating Beibei and Tang Ya suddenly experienced a momentary daze as they were running toward Huo Yuhao. The mental energy did not contain much destructive power, but was enough for all creatures affected to temporarily lose their minds.





In this moment, Star Dou Forest’s entire southern region turned horrifyingly silent.





At the same time, the previously clear sky suddenly darkened and a thunderous roar filled the air. In that instant, the sun’s rays were completely covered by darkness. A pressure that took away one’s breath descended from the sky.





The Daydream Iceworm rolled his eyes upward to the sky as he was struggling to incorporate himself into Huo Yuhao’s body. His two little golden eyes showed a severe fright. With this fear was also bewilderment. Clearly, the pressure from the sky had nothing to do with him and was also outside of his knowledge.





A stream of grey air that seemed to have been produced by a tremendous suction descended from the sky and instantly entered the back of Huo Yuhao’s head.





“Who dares to take this human from Ge?” The Daydream Iceworm became furious. An overpowering mental power instantly surged out, trying to expel the grey air from Huo Yuhao’s body.





A vague figure emerged on Huo Yuhao’s back and said with an ancient, majestic voice, “My hand holds the sun and moon and can pick the stars off the sky. The world does not contain a man like me. I could not have imagined that an old fellow like me could have still retained a shred of soul in this world.”





Facing the attack of the Daydream Iceworm’s immense mental pressure, this vague figure was not affected in the slightest. He simply disappeared into the back of Huo Yuhao’s head.





The Daydream Iceworm was afraid to increase his mental attack more as Huo Yuhao had started bleeding from his seven apertures. He found that after the grey mist went into Huo Yuhao’s mind, it immediately became a pea-sized marble and settled down. It would neither conflict nor be affected by his power.





“How can I be so unfortunate? I had finally found a mental attribute human, yet there is some bastard who wants to snatch him from me. Are the heavens jealous of a genius? Ge is so pitiful!” Although he whined, he had not slowed his movements at all. Thick white light gradually condensed and entered Huo Yuhao’s body as his physical self became more and more transparent and shrank. There was no turning back from the moment he started pouring his powers into Huo Yuhao.





By this point, Huo Yuhao’s body had turned into the color of white jade like the Daydream Iceworm. The wounds on his shoulders also healed.





“Wahaha. No matter what, I’m finally free. Those bastards who had wanted to eat Ge will never get another chance. Wahaha.” The Daydream Iceworm’s satisfied voice gradually faded and the mental power that had covered a hundred sixty kilometers also slowly disappeared.





Deep inside Star Dou Forest, numerous frightening auras fluctuated violently as if sensing their loss. They will have to return unfulfilled.





The moment the Daydream Iceworm’s aura faded, a white ring of light appeared below Huo Yuhao and circled him three times before disappearing within his body.





Huo Yuhao didn’t even know that, unwittingly, he had obtained a spirit ring. And, it was the most unique ring to have ever existed on the Douluo Continent.





The shiny white light gradually faded and a layer of pale, ice blue emerged below Huo Yuhao’s skin for about ten seconds and also faded away. Regaining his skin’s original color, his body tilted and he fell in front of the large tree he was leaning on.





A thin layer of pale gold film silently flew up from the ground and quickly shrank before disappearing into Huo Yuhao. Not a single hint of the Daydream Iceworm’s presence remained.





The big hole on the ground had also closed, unnoticed, some time ago. Other than Huo Yuhao, the only thing left was the corpse of the baboon he had killed. Everything seemed to have returned to normal.





Not long after, two figures appeared, rapidly running toward him.





“Ah!” Gasped Tang Ya as she flew toward Huo Yuhao before stopping at his side.





“We were too late. Brother Yuhao has been attacked. This Spirit Beast is too arrogant. Coming so far out of Star Dou Forest!” Tang Ya carefully helped Huo Yuhao up from the ground with a face full of gloom and worry.





Beibei walked over to the baboon and turned its corpse over. He could see that there was a long, slanting cut on the baboon’s chest. Even its heart was cut. This was obviously a fatal blow.





“This is a Wind Baboon. Looking at its size and muscle strength, it was probably a ten year Spirit Beast. But it’s already dead.” Beibei came over to Tang Ya’s side and knelt to examine Huo Yuhao’s condition with her.





The thing surprising the two of them was that even though Huo Yuhao’s clothes were badly damaged, he was not injured in the slightest.





Beibei pressed on Huo Yuhao’s wrist and the White Tiger Dagger fell into his palm. A layer of pale blue light on his palm flickered and disappeared. Suddenly, the White Tiger Dagger also showed a layer of pale blue light.





“This is a spirit guide weapon. Yuhao had probably used this to kill the Wind Baboon. Even though the Wind Baboon was only a ten year Spirit Beast, its speed and strength is relatively good. It even has an innate spirit ability for attacks. For Yuhao to kill such a beast alone is already quite good. Looks like our evaluation of him was not quite accurate. He was probably already a one ring Spirit Master.”





Tang Ya anxiously checked Huo Yuhao’s body. “It doesn’t matter what you say now. It was my fault that I took so long washing my hands and face. I will never be able to forgive myself. It doesn’t matter what his potential is. I have decided to convince him to join Tang Clan.”





Beibei’s gaze turned soft as he looked at the flustered Tang Ya. What he loved the most was Tang Ya’s genuine kindness. “Don’t worry. He is fine. Don’t you see that he is breathing normally? Furthermore, he doesn’t have any injuries on his body. From his position, he was probably thrown against the tree while fighting the baboon and fainted. He will recover after a short rest.”





Tang Ya paused a second, then lifted her head and glared at Beibei. “Why didn’t you say so earlier?! Making me worry for no reason.”





Beibei responded helplessly, “Who would have known that you wouldn’t be able to discern something so simple?”





“Hmph!” Tang Ya moved Huo Yuhao over to lean on her body and confirmed that he was fine before letting out a relieved breath.





Part 4





Beibei stood up and calmly watched the surroundings as he silently guarded Tang Ya.





Huo Yuhao had fallen into a coma that felt more like a dream. He dreamed of himself entering a clean white space. In this space, there were many bright points. He could at the same time not see an end to this space while also being able to spread his vision to every corner.





Just as he was experiencing this magical space, a strong wind suddenly picked up and rays of golden light shone through.





These golden lights converged into a huge golden halo that floated in mid-air. All of the bright specks in the air suddenly grew bigger because of the halo.





Ten golden rings began to spin slowly and within each of them, a milky white glow appeared. As they spun, the rings became brighter; and soon they turned into ten huge golden balls of light. The entire space also increased multiple times in height and volume.





Around this time, an insignificant grey group of lights appeared near one of the golden balls. This group of lights was much smaller than the others. The golden balls also flared with golden light as if trying to get rid of it. However, the grey ball just calmly floated there without any reaction.





Eventually, the ten golden balls gave up trying to repel the grey one and stabilized more while flashing with pale radiance.





Huo Yuhao’s conscious became clearer as the specks of lights floated down and fused into a sea of pale gold that supported the ten enormous golden balls of light. Only the small gray globe remained suspended in mid-air, refusing to gather with the bigger globes.





“So, you are called Huo Yuhao.” A voice suddenly called out. Right after, Huo Yuhao subconsciously looked down and saw himself standing on top of this golden sea, surrounded by the ten golden balls of light.





“Where is this? Why am I here?” Huo Yuhao asked, shocked.





“This is your brain’s sea of consciousness. In other words, the sea of your mind. From now on, this will also be Ge’s home. This place is too small, so Ge helped you expand a bit. But, your body is too weak, so I guess it will do for now”.





“You are the Daydream Iceworm? Am I dreaming?” Huo Yuhao was shocked after hearing the voice. Everything he had seen was beyond what he had known. Not to mention he was only an eleven years old kid. Even an adult would have been frightened by this magical scene.





“Dreaming? If you could have a wonderful dream like this, then you would have died from happiness already. Of course this is not a dream. I already said that this is within your mental world!” said the Daydream Iceworm, annoyed.





“What exactly is that…?” Huo Yuhao asked cluelessly.





“You really are an idiot. How can I explain this to you? Well, you should know your own eyes, right? It is what your mind acknowledges as the Spirit Eye Battle Spirit. I just examined your memories and I know what happened to you. This Spirit Eye is both your Battle Spirit and your physical eye. And the mental sea is where you store your mental power. For you, to use the power of the Spirit Eye Battle Spirit, you will need to convert Spirit Power into mental power; then, release it through your Spirit yee. The place where you store this mental power is your mental sea. The exact location can be said to be the brain behind your pair of Spirit Eyes. Your consciousness is currently within your mental sea. The body you see now is not your actual body. It is simply an image that I have created to make it easier for us to communicate.”





Listening to this detailed explanation, Huo Yuhao finally understood a little better. The fear within his heart had also lessened. Children are sometimes more sensitive than adults. He could feel that this Daydream Iceworm did not hold any ill intent towards him.





“Then why are you appearing in my mental sea?” Huo Yuhao asked again.





Daydream Iceworm responded, “Didn’t I already tell you? I want to become your spirit ring! An intelligent spirit ring. I already am. To be your spirit ring, I had to severely bind my powers. But now you have a spirit ring. And you are now what you humans call a Spirit Master. However, your potential is even worse than I had imagined. It could be the worst possible. I really don’t know if I had made the right choice.”





Huo Yuhao responded with embarrassment, “My potential is not that great, but I will work hard. I only had an innate Spirit Power of one.”





Daydream Iceworm gloomily said, “I will think of something to help you in the future.”





As the conversation went on, Huo Yuhao became braver. “Daydream Iceworm.”





“Call me Daydream Ge.”





“Okay, Daydream Ge. You said that you are a million year Spirit Beast. Is that true? Also, why did you choose me? I heard that a Spirit Scholar cannot take a spirit ring more than four hundred years. But you are a million year Spirit Beast. How could you have become my spirit ring?”





Daydream Iceworm gave a long sigh, “You think I wanted to choose you? I had no choice! If I still didn’t make a choice, my life would have ended. If I died, I fear my body would have become food for all those guys in Star Dou Forest. In desperation, I could only make the decision to depend on you humans. This was the only path left. Do you want to listen to my story? We will be together for a very, very long time. I don’t want to hide anything from you. I might as well tell you everything honestly.”





Huo Yuhao nodded. “Daydream Ge, go on.”





“I was originally a very normal Iceworm Spirit Beast. I was not born in Star Dou Forest, but the frigid continent in the north. We Iceworms naturally possessed the dual attributes of mental and ice. However, our fighting strength is severely affected by our slow speed and can only be counted among common Spirit Beasts. Furthermore, we have a natural enemy. Very few of my species can ever progress over ten thousand years. I was an exception.”





“In my thirteenth year, while hiding from my natural enemy, I accidentally fell into an ice crack. At that time, I thought it was over for me. Who could have known that I had actually fallen into a bunch of ten thousand year old ice essences. Afterwards, I fell into a deep sleep. I was still weak at the time. My body was less than eight centimeters long. This sleep ended up lasting ten thousand years. When I woke up, I found myself in an ice cave. All the ten thousand year ice essences had also disappeared; all absorbed by me. I had also become a ten thousand year Spirit Beast. I was so happy at the time. However, I couldn’t find a way out.”





“The ice cave was surrounded by extremely tough ice. Even though I was already a ten thousand year Spirit Beast, the combat abilities of my species were still too weak to break out. Fortunately, there were a lot of tunnels for me to crawl in. So, I crawled inside the tunnels trying to find a way out. Finally, I discovered that there was no way out; but I did find an even bigger group of ten thousand year ice essences. This meant that I had found food. So, I fell into a deep sleep again. This time, for many tens of thousands of years…”





Chapter 03 – Million Year Spirit Ring

Part 1





As Huo Yuhao was listening to the Daydream Iceworm’s story, he suddenly had a curious thought. *This name of his… Did he give it to himself because he was sleeping all the time?*





“Even though I couldn’t get out of the ice cave, the feeling that the ten-thousand-year ice essences gave me was wonderful. Afterwards, I decided I might as well not leave at all. I would rather crawl around eating more ten-thousand-year ice essences. Every time I found a cluster of essences to eat, I would take a long nap after. In the end, even I had lost track of how much time I spent sleeping, until the first golden mark appeared on my body.





“A golden mark holds a special significance for us Iceworms. It symbolizes our advancement into the hundred-thousand-year level. In my memory, there had never been a single hundred-thousand-year Iceworm. I was the first in history! At that time, I had evolved into a Golden-tattooed Iceworm. At the same time, I had gained the strength to break out of the ice. I didn’t know then, that a hundred thousand years was the highest limit for a Spirit Beast. It is nearly impossible to cultivate further. Maybe it was my fortune plus the natural deficiency in the fighting strength of us Iceworms but no misfortune befell me. *Cough cough* Um… After sleeping so much, I was too lazy to go outside. I might as well just continue sleeping in the ice cave. Because my cultivation was higher, I could go to places I couldn’t reach before. This led me to find even more valuable ice essences which ended up becoming my food.





“Like this, I would eat, then sleep. Sleep, then eat. I didn’t know how much time had passed. The only way I could count my age was by the number of golden marks on my body.





“Finally came the day when I finished all of the ice essences. I crawled out of the cave and into the ocean. I floated with the ocean waves toward the continent in the south. During this time, I met my first enemy.





“By then, I already had nine golden marks and was a powerful nine hundred thousand year old Spirit Beast. I had originally thought that I would be unrivaled in the world. But…”





Arriving at this point, The Daydream Iceworm seemed a little embarrassed. “But, other than sleeping, I don’t really know how to do anything else and I don’t know how to fight. In the end, I used my powerful mental energy to scare the enemy away. After this, I started being more careful. I tried to practice a few attacking skills. But, I discovered that the length of cultivation doesn’t actually represent the power an individual has. I am a million-year Spirit Beast, but my battle power couldn’t even compare to some ten-thousand-year Spirit Beasts. I had no chance of winning against hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beasts who favored battles. The world outside is too dangerous. Unfortunately, I could no longer find my way back.





“Since the ocean was so dangerous, maybe land would be a bit safer. So, I stepped onto the continent. But I discovered that the continent isn’t safe either. Perhaps it was because of the ice essences I absorbed, my body gave off a unique scent that can draw every Spirit Beast’s attention. It also made them think that I was food.





“In the end, I got caught by a powerful hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beast from Star Dou Forest. Thankfully, he did not kill me immediately but brought me back to the forest. It turns out that I had too much of the heaven and earth’s spirit. If he could absorb all of this, he would have been able to evolve. Basically, any Spirit Beast could become a ten-thousand-year Spirit Beast if they can absorb my power and transform. Furthermore, ten-thousand-year Spirit Beasts could use my power to overcome the limit for cultivation. However, because the power of my million years of cultivation was too vast, it would take a very long time to absorb. This was the reason he took me back to his nest.





“However, that guy underestimated my strength. Even though I am not good at battles, I could increase the strength of my scent. So I drew every single ten-thousand-year Spirit Beast in Star Dou Forest to me. Hehe.”





“That chaotic battle included nearly every single Spirit Beast in the forest above ten thousand years of cultivation. They were fighting so tragically. I thought I had finally gained a chance to escape. But who would have known that they were very cunning and suddenly stopped in the middle of the fight to negotiate. Their final decision was to absorb my powers together since I had an enormous Spirit Power anyway. After that, they imprisoned me in the heart of the forest and forced me to release my essence for their absorption. The stronger Spirit Beasts were closest to me and benefited the most. Those bastards actually made Ge their food.





“Ai. Without a way to resist, I could only let them do as they pleased. As I was being oppressed by them, I was also thinking of ways to escape their control. My essence was very pure and could take them ten thousand years to finish. After a few thousand years of thinking and observation, I found that not only would I have to escape, I would have to hide my scent. You humans gradually appeared in my line of sight. There were a few times that powerful humans came into the forest to kill those hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beasts. Unfortunately, they ended tragically. Under Ge’s influence, the high level Spirit Beasts within Star Dou Forest became Douluo Continent’s strongest group of Spirit Beasts. Even though humans had powerful weapons, they still couldn’t win. However, this also made me realize mankind’s value.





“Ge is a mental and ice, dual attribute Spirit Beast. After some careful consideration, I decided to become a human’s spirit ring. This way, that human would become even more powerful. Given my mental attribute, I could also retain my consciousness and become mankind’s first intelligent spirit ring. Hehe. After that, Ge will get his revenge by helping the human kill all those bastards who hurt Ge. So, I began trying. Who would have known that the first time would be a failure. I think the guy I chose was someone you humans called a Title Douluo. His powers were very strong but was still garbage. He actually exploded when I tried to enter him. He didn’t even see my true body. He couldn’t bear the mental power I tried to infuse. After this I discovered that becoming my host is no simple matter. First, the person will need to have a mental attribute. Then, he will have to have the capacity to withstand my Spirit Power. This last part was the hardest. So, I searched for a few thousand years without any success. My Spirit Power had almost been squeezed dry. Ge was about to die.





“But the heavens still cared for Ge. Just as I had given up hope, the tenth golden mark appeared. I had finally become history’s first million year old Spirit Beast. With the tenth golden mark, I finally had the power to resist against those hundred-thousand-year, battle type Spirit Beasts. I also developed the ability to hide my scent. With this evolution, I gave myself a new name: Daydream Iceworm. Even with this, I still couldn’t fight against so many hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beasts. Furthermore, too much of my essence had already been lost. The only thing I had left was the most valuable innate Spirit Power which consisted of my two main attributes they had not absorbed. It is already impossible for me to obtain revenge. So, I found an opportunity and used my new strength to escape.”





Part 2





“Ai-” The Daydream Iceworm said, “Unfortunately, Ge is still a tragedy. The one million years breakthrough is actually a double-edged sword. Although I was barely able to get away from their control, my natural life span was reaching its end from god’s punishment. If I couldn’t find another way to survive, my life would have been exhausted in the near future. Just at this time, Ge met you. Even though you are weak and pitiful, Ge had no other choice. At least you are still of the mental attribute. So, Ge could only overcome some challenges to fuse with you. No matter what, those bastards will never be able to obtain Ge’s most precious thing.”





Listening to Daydream Iceworm’s story, Huo Yuhao had long forgotten his fear. He said furiously: ”That’s outrageous! How could they have imprisoned you for nearly ten thousand years?”





The Daydream Iceworm joined in angrily: “Exactly. Although Ge is pretty cute, handsome, and powerful, they still can’t use me as food! At least this time, I finally escaped and didn’t let them get to my body. Huo Yuhao, even though you are a bit too young and your ability is a bit too weak, you are pure-hearted. When you become stronger in the future, you must take revenge for Ge! Didn’t they depend on my Spirit Power to evolve? Well, in the future, turn them all into spirit rings and spirit bones. Hmph!”





“Okay. When I get older, I will definitely get your revenge.” Huo Yuhao answered without hesitation. The relationship between a man and a beast thus became even closer from this somewhat odd yet magical story.





In fact, although this Daydream Iceworm had already lived for a million years, he never came into contact with many Spirit Beasts. Even though his intelligence is on par with humans, he does not know the evil within men. If a human was in his situation, he would never have so easily told someone about his past. It was such a fortune for him to have chosen someone as pure as Huo Yuhao.





“Daydream Ge, I still don’t quite understand. You are so strong that you have to bind your own power to become my spirit ring. Why did you do this? How does it work? Will you still be able to provide me with a spirit ability?” After losing his fear, Huo Yuhao had many more questions.





The Daydream Iceworm gave a laugh. “Of course Ge will have a way. I had thought about this for many years so I already have a plan. After the previous event when the human exploded, I understood that to obtain your help, I will need to ensure your safety first. I don’t have a way out anymore. If you die, it would be over for me as well. Most of my original Spirit Power had already been absorbed by those Spirit Beasts in the forest. Or else, you would not be able to withstand it even if I bind myself. Most of the Spirit Power I infused into you is from my innate ice power and mental power. You have seen those ten globes. They are the ten layers of seals I have set up. From another perspective, it can also be said to be the first spirit ring power that I am granting you. You just are not able to use it right now.





“In other words, although your first spirit ring is a million-year, it doesn’t have the power of a one million years old spirit ring. As you progress in your training, The seals inside your body will be gradually lifted, and therefore, your spirit ring will also get stronger. It can even strengthen the power of the spirit rings you acquire later on. After all, the million years of power that I stored is too much for you right now.”





Huo Yuhao blinked and said: “I still don’t really understand.”





The Daydream Iceworm said annoyedly: “Idiot. Let me say this even more simply. You now possess the first spirit ring, which can only contain the power of a four hundred years old Spirit Beast. So, the actual power of your first spirit ring is therefore four hundred years. After your have another breakthrough and you can bear a thousand-year spirit ring, your first spirit ring will become a thousand-year spirit ring. Your spirit ring will adjust based on the level your body can handle. To put it in other words, your first spirit ring can evolve anytime. And the spirit rings you obtain in the future will be the same. Of course, what I can give you in terms of evolution is limited. The more powerful your other obtained spirited rings are, the more I can save of my own energy. With the amount of energy I have sealed within you, you can have ten spirit rings, each with a hundred thousand years of power.”





“What? That much? Isn’t nine the maximum number of spirit rings a Spirit Master can possess?” asked Huo Yuhao with great surprise.





The Daydream Iceworm coldly snorted and chided, “That is for common humans. With Ge’s help, you are not longer common. A single Battle Spirit can only absorb nine spirit rings. However, you no longer have a single Battle Spirit. If you kill a hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beast, you will definitely obtain a spirit bone and a hundred-thousand-year spirit ring with two spirit abilities. You should know this much.”





Huo Yuhao nodded.





The Daydream Iceworm continued, “As a million-year spirit ring, and furthermore, an intelligent spirit ring, of course I would be much stronger than that. The spirit ring I have turned into will not only evolve with your body’s limit but will also present you with four spirit abilities. Even though I cannot give you a spirit bone, I can give you another Battle Spirit.”





Although Huo Yuhao had already guessed that the million-year spirit ring would give him many benefits, he had never imagined to such an extent. A spirit ring that can evolve infinitely was already a pleasant surprise. But the greater surprise was four spirit abilities plus a Battle Spirit. What kind of concept is this?





The four spirit abilities all came from the same spirit ring. In that case, their powers will increase along with the ring’s evolution. They are abilities that he can keep using! To add another Battle Spirit can only be described as a miracle. It meant that the Huo Yuhao who only had spirit eyes just became a dual Battle Spirit genius. To add a Battle Spirit also meant the ability to obtain another nine spirit rings, which means another nine spirit abilities as well. This kind of benefit is impossible for a hundred-thousand-year spirit ring to even compare to. Even though he is still weak after gaining all these benefits, he only had to raise them little by little. A door had been opened for the less than common Huo Yuhao to have limitless possibilities.





“The Battle Spirit I granted you is ice attribute, but it does not have a spirit yet,” said the Daydream Iceworm as he dragged Huo Yuhao out of his happiness.





“Ice without a spirit? What is that?” said Huo Yuhao with a confused expression.





“It means that the Battle Spirit I granted you only has an attribute but no physical form. Your Battle Spirit will take form when you absorb the first ice attribute spirit ring. Your second Battle Spirit will be whichever Spirit Beast you absorb your spirit ring from. This means that your second Battle Spirit will definitely be a beast type Battle Spirit. You don’t need to worry about this. I have already planned this out. Your present cultivation is not enough. When your strength has increased a bit, I will take you to complete the addition of your first ice attribute spirit ring. Now you understand why I said the strength I can give you through your spirit ring is not enough. Because of this, you must be careful when you select your next spirit ring. You need to listen to my advice.”





Part 3





“Ok.” Huo Yuhao answered with excitement, “so what are my four spirit abilities?”





“Well…”, the Daydream Iceworm said, “That is up to you to figure out. What you can comprehend by yourself will always be much clearer than if I simply tell you. Anyways, don’t be too happy too soon. I did grant you four spirit abilities, and they are all of the mental attribute. I also sealed an enormous energy inside you. However, there are a couple of points for you to remember. First, what I sealed within you can only help you upgrade a spirit ring’s level and its power. It cannot help you cultivate your own Spirit Power. Second, the four spirit abilities I granted you will all be support types because of my abilities. They don’t have much firepower. Because of this, you are still weak. You still have far to go to become strong. Do you understand?”





“I understand. My mom taught me before that no man can take a single step and be in heaven. The only way is to go one step at a time through one’s own effort. Only then can you be the best. Brother Daydream, don’t worry. I will definitely work hard.”





“That’s good. But, your current qualification is a little too bad. Ai…, we need to find an opportunity to get you some miraculous supplements. Your Spirit Eye is a variant spirit. By itself, it is quite good, but it affected your body negatively during the variation process. Your meridians narrowed and slowed; making cultivation very difficult. Just take it slow, no need to rush. Oh, also, there is an important thing I have to tell you.





“Do you see that grey ball up there?”





“Yes I do. Is that also your power?” Huo Yuhao answered.





“No. I don’t know what that is either. When I was infusing myself into your body, there was some kind of change as if drawn forward by my mental power. That grey ball is a shred of a soul. It doesn’t seem to belong to our world. I don’t know where it came from. However, even though this shred of soul is very weak, it’s quality is high. Even I cannot do anything about it. But, it doesn’t seem to hold any ill intent. It probably sunk into slumber. There is the chance that it may never wake up in your lifetime but there is also the chance that it can cause you trouble. Don’t worry for now since it is not moving. If it really tries to hurt you, I will protect you with no problems.





“Okay. It’s time for you to go. There are two humans out there waiting for you. It doesn’t seem like they want to harm you.”





_________________________________________________________________





“Why is he still not waking up!” Tang Ya slapped Huo Yuhao’s face softly and turned to Beibei with a questioning look.





Beibei smiled warmly, “His breathing is very stable. His Spirit Power is also normal; even vigorous. If I have guessed correctly then he had just broken through Spirit Scholar to become a Spirit Master. His body will need time to assimilate this energy, then readjust this new gained power. Of course it will take some time. Too bad it was only a ten-year Wind Baboon.”





Tang Ya snorted, “How is that unfortunate. It’s normal to have a weak first spirit ring. The fact that he killed the wind baboon himself is already admirable.”





Beibei laughed, “Looks like to get a woman’s heart, one needs to get her stomach first. Even easier when your heart and stomach are linked.”





Tang Ya’s face turned red, “Bah! You’re the one with heart and stomach connected. No respect. Don’t forget, I am still your teacher.”





Beibei didn’t give a retort but smiled warmly while watching her.





“Mmm…” A sound suddenly came from Huo Yuhao’s mouth as he slowly opened his hazy eyes.





“Little Yuhao, you finally woke up. You really got me worried.” Said Tang Ya as she saw his eyes widen with surprise.





Huo Yuhao could only feel chaos within his mind. After calming down a bit, the conversation with the Daydream Iceworm became more clear. He unknowingly said to himself, “I really am not dreaming?”





Tang Ya laughed and pinched his arm. Huo Yuhao suddenly felt a pain, “Sister Xiao Ya, what are you doing?”





Tang Ya smiled, “I was helping you test whether or not you’re in a dream. So? More clear-headed now? You were really brave to head to Star Dou Forest alone.”





Huo Yuhao scratched his head with embarrassment. After meeting the wind baboon, he had finally realized how weak he was. But he quickly recovered with an eager attitude. He jumped up from the ground and circulated his Spirit Power.





Huo Yuhao was shocked by what he had just discovered.





The Spirit Power that had hit a bottleneck before had a qualitative change. Even his body strength had increased a little. As his power smoothly flowed out, Huo Yuhao could see everything with extra clarity. There were even signs of new abilities appearing in his mind. He really did gain four new spirit abilities! That means Daydream Ge really exists. Everything was real! I actually have a million-year spirit ring!!





Only now could Huo Yuhao believe that everything he experienced was real. The joy in his heart couldn’t help but flow out as he yelled, “I succeeded!!!!!!!!!!!”





Beibei and Tang Ya saw that a white ring had risen from Huo Yuhao’s feet, slowly to his his head and hovered rhythmically. This was the first spirit ring.





Beibei subconsciously thought, *It really is a ten-year spirit ring.* However, he held some suspicion in his heart. Why does the white color on Huo Yuhao’s spirit ring have a crystal clear feel to it? It seems different from ordinary ten-year spirit rings. Could it be that the wind baboon had a higher cultivation? How could he have known that a million-year spirit ring is also white?





What changed was not only his spirit ring but also his eyes. There is a layer of pale gold sparkling within his deep blue eyes. Beibei and Tang Ya could feel a spirit energy fluctuating within his eyes, making them dizzy.





Previously, the Daydream Iceworm had emitted a strong mental wave that had made them momentarily lose their mind. However, because there was such a big difference in power between them and the Daydream Iceworm, they weren’t able to detect it at all. But now, since Huo Yuhao is so close, things were different. The mental wave released by his eyes surprised both of them.





“A mental attribute Battle Spirit? And it fused with a wind baboon for its first spirit ring? The usually calm Beibei couldn’t help but become flustered. According to his knowledge of Spirit Masters, this should be impossible! But the reality is right in front of him.





The pale golden glow quickly disappeared within Huo Yuhao’s eyes. He also regained his senses and jumped with excitement, “Succeeded! I really succeeded! I am a Spirit Master now!”





Beibei and Tang Ya glanced at each other and saw the other’s astonishment. Tang Ya couldn’t help but ask, “Little Yuhao, could it be that your Battle Spirit is of the mental attribute? I just felt an intense mental wave.”





Huo Yuhao finally regained his sense and said with embarrassment, “Yes! My Battle Spirit is Spirit Eyes. It is a variant Battle Spirit of the mental attribute.”





Tang Ya’s eyes brightened, “Spirit Eyes? A Body Battle Spirit? Amazing.”





Part 4





Beibei clearly realized something, nodded his head and said: “ Who would have thought. Unfortunately, we have come too late. If not, we might have helped little brother Huo find an even better Spirit Beast to absorb.”





At the moment, Huo Yuhao regained his conscience from all the excitement. Although he was young, his experience from his childhood made him more vigilant. He could immediately guess that Beibei and Tang Ya assumed that he had absorbed the baboon as his first spirit ring. Although he didn’t understand why the milion years old spirit ring was also white, it was, without doubt, the best cover for now. Naturally, he didn’t need to give any explanation.





“Brother Bei, Sister Ya, did you guys come after me? Is there anything you need?” Huo Yuhao asked.





Tang Ya said angrily: “Originally it was only a guess that you would go into Star Dou Forest by yourself. Who would have thought it’s true?! You are way too bold! Don’t you know that Star Dou Forest has the reputation of being a forbidden zone for humans? Even some highly cultivated Spirit Masters don’t dare go into its depth. A little guy like you must have a teacher accompanying you to go in. We ran here to protect you. We are also Spirit Masters. However, your fortune was pretty good. Although your first spirit ring’s power isn’t too strong, at least you didn’t get hurt.”





Hearing her say this, Huo Yuhao’s heart suddenly felt warm. Even though he was young, he had seen way too much hardship. He could see the sincerity in Tang Ya’s eyes.





“Sister Ya, I….” Huo Youhao almost told her about the story of Daydream Iceworm on an impulse. However, at that moment, he heard a coughing sound in his mind. A slight trace of cold air rushed forward and suddenly, he swallowed the rest of his sentence.





Tang Ya started giggling and said: “Look at your silly self. Ok, I’ll stop teasing you. LIttle Yuhao, now that you have obtained your first spirit ring, what do you plan to do next?”





Huo Yuhao blanked out for a second. Yeah, what are my plans now? Before arriving at Star Dou Forest, his goal had always been to become a Spirit Master and obtain his own spirit ring. The difference between Spirit Scholars and Spirit Masters is worlds apart. Becoming a Spirit Master means walking through a large gate, the whole world now open to him. However, he had never really thought about what to do in the future. After all, he’s only eleven and this was his first time leaving home.





Seeing the confusion in his eyes, Tang Ya secretly felt happy in her heart and glanced at Beibei.





Beibei nodded at her and said: “Little Brother Huo, do you still have any family?”





Huo Yuhao’s expression suddenly froze, and then shook his head firmly. “There’s no one else, I’m the only one left.”





Tang Ya blurted out with joy: “That’s great!”





Huo Yuhao was stunned. Beibei was speechless and tapped Tang Ya on the head, “What are you saying?”





Tang Ya realized her mistake, glared at BeiBei and said: “I didn’t do it on purpose. Little Yuhao, since you have no plan, why not join our clan?”





“Clan?” Huo Yuhao has heard about the clans before in Duke’s Estate. On the Douluo continent, clans had great influence, especially the ones with long histories. In a sense, Duke’s Estate itself could be considered a big clan.





Tang Ya nodded her head seriously and said, “Yes, a clan. Our clan used to be number one on the continent. You wouldn’t be at a disadvantage if you join. Also, our clan’s secret skill suites you really well. You are all alone and young. If you join our clan, we can take care of each other. That is at least better than you living by yourself. After all, luck can’t always be on your side. What if you have an accident when you are all alone?





Huo Yuhao asked without thinking, “Sister Xiao Ya, then what is your clan called?”





Tang Ya said with pride, “Tang Clan. Formerly, the greatest clan on the continent.”





Hearing the words Tang Clan, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but be shocked. Even though Tang Clanhas greatly deteriorated, it still held great significance in the continent’s history. It could be said that no other clan can even compare to it.”





When he was very young, his mother had told him about Tang Clan’s legends. Tang Clan was founded ten thousand years ago; you can say that it is one of the oldest clans. It is said the first Tang leader, Tang San, once altered the organization of the entire continent. He also determined development paths for all Spirit Masters. The Tang Clan of that time was undeniably the world’s best. Also, in legends, Tang San even broke through the highest boundary of the Spirit Master, Titled Doulou, creating a new level and becoming immortal. But, ultimately, no one knows how he did this.





After ten thousand years, Tang Clan’s legends are still being told, even though the clan itself had already left the stage of history. Very few know that Tang Clan still had descendants. Even the details from legends about Tangman have become vague. However, someone once said in the past, if Tang San didn’t lay down the foundations for Spirit Master development; then when the Sun-Moon continent collided four thousand years ago, Doulou continent might not have been able to win against the Sun-Moon continent and unify the land.





“Little Brother Huo, you’ve heard of Tang Clan right? “ Beibei asked.





Huo Yuhao nodded and said, “I have heard some of Tang Clan’s legends. I just don’t know where Tang Clan is actually located”.





Tang Ya’s eyes suddenly reddened, “Tang Clan has no base anymore. Our ground was seized. Right now, the only people left in Tang Clan are Beibei and me. I am the current master, and Beibei is my first disciple.”





“What?” Huo Yuhao stared at them with shock. By their age, Tang Ya doesn’t seem to be much older than Beibei. It was also hard to see from their conversations that they are master and disciple.





Beibei coughed two times and said: “You know the situation now, Little Brother Huo. Right now, there’s only me and Xiao Ya in Tang Clan. However, we will try our best to make Tang Clan great again. If you want, we welcome you to join. What Xiao Ya said is not wrong, Tang Clan has a secret skill that really suits your cultivation. It would be great for you future growth.”





Huo Yuhao hesitated for a bit and said, “ After I join the Tang Clan, what do I have to do?”





Tang Ya answered: “We need you to continue to strengthen yourself and become more powerful. When our clan needs you, you will do your best for the clan. I am not going to boast and lie to you. Our clan has declined, but our skills still exist. Also, since Tang Clan was once the best clan on the continent, we still have special rights. You have heard of the number one academy on the continent, Shrek Academy, right? Shrek Academy is very strict on their enrollment. However, they give Tang Clan a free spot every year. Beibei and I are both enrolled in Shrek Academy. There is an empty spot this year. If you are willing to join our Tang Clan, this spot is yours. However, whether or not you can stay will depend on your own efforts. I can only give you this much. But, I have a request. If you join Tang Clan, then you belong to Tang Clan. If there is a day you want to leave, you will have to return all of our secret skills.”





Tang Clan, Tang Clan. Huo Yuhao’s eyes gradually brightened. He looked at Tang Ya with sincerity and responded, “Sister Xiao Ya, I promise you. I am willing to join Tang Clan.”





Chapter 04 – Thunderbolt Beibei

Part 1





Beibei said with some surprise, “Little Brother Huo, you should give it some more thought. Joining a clan is no simple matter. Even though Tang Clan is weak right now, we were still the best in the world. If you regret it in the future and want to betray our clan, both Tang Ya and I won’t forgive you.”





Huo Yuhao nodded. “Brother Bei, I have thought it through. I don’t have any family and I am still young. I only learned about how dangerous the outside world is from this journey to the Star Dou Great forest. I want to become exceptional and be a powerful Spirit Master. Joining Tang Clan is unquestionably the best way. Not only does that allow me to enter the Shrek Academy, it will also allow me to receive your guidance. Furthermore, I trust you guys. The fact that you were willing to tell me the truth about Tang Clan’s current circumstances means that you trust me. I want to start a new golden age of Tang Clan with you.





“Good. What you said was perfect.” Tang Ya said excitedly as she gave Huo Yuhao a big hug.





Beibei nodded slightly as he watched him. Just like how he felt, Huo Yuhao is more mature than people of his age. Even though he only received his first spirit ring after the age of ten, potential is not as important as hard work. It was even more valuable that he possesses a rare mental attribute Battle Spirit. Tang Clan got lucky this time.





Tang Ya’s faint fragrance made Huo Yuhao’s face blush. He was too afraid to move, so he just stood there.





It was Beibei who saved him, “Teacher Xiao Ya.”





Only then did Tang Ya release Huo Yuhao from her hug. She looked at him with joy, completely fulfilled. Of course, she would never admit that her original reason for wanting Huo Yuhao to join was because of his delicious roasted fish…





“Little Yuhao, acknowledge your teacher. Since it’s only the three of us, there’s no need for so many rules. Acknowledge me and start calling me teacher. From now on, you are one of Tang Clan.” Tang Ya said seriously.





Huo Yuhao nodded. With a *pong* sound, he kneeled on the ground in front of Tang Ya, “Disciple Huo Yuhao acknowledges teacher.”





Tang Ya stood there without moving and let him finish kowtowing three time before helping him up.





“Very good, Yuhao. From now on, you are my second disciple. Acknowledge your elder brother.” She pointed to Beibei as she said this.





“I acknowledge the elder brother.” Huo Yuhao bowed once more to Beibei.





Beibei smiled slightly, “You don’t need to be so polite, Little Brother. We are family now.”





Tang Ya let go of a breath, “Yuhao, from now on, call me Teacher, like Beibei. But don’t be so informal like him. Do you understand?”





“Yes, Teacher.” After acknowledging his teacher, he became a bit more cautious. But, his heart had calmed much more. Entering Tang Clan gave him a feeling of security. It had been a long time since he felt like this.





Xiao Ya turned her wrist and a book appeared out of somewhere for Huo Yuhao. “Xiao Yuhao, this is a copy of the Tang Clan Mysterious Heaven Treasure Record. It contains all of our special skills. Within it, the Mysterious Heaven Skill is the foundation for everything and it should help increase your cultivation speed. Your cultivation is still shallow so changing to the Mysterious Heaven Skill should not create any negative effects. Later on, Beibei and I will guide you in your cultivation. Other than the Mysterious Heaven Skill there are five other skills. They are: the hand practice technique: Mysterious Jade Hand, the vision cultivation technique: Purple Demon Eye, the capturing technique: Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon, the light body technique: Ghost Shadow Elusive Steps, as well as the hidden weapons technique: Hidden Weapon Hundred Separation. Tang Clan is famous for our hidden weapons, but you will need to create a good foundation before you can practice it. What you should do now is to start learning the first five skills and I will teach you hidden weapons in the future.





“I had said before that our Tang Clan has a skill most suited for you. I was referring to the Purple Demon Eye skill. After practicing it to a certain extent, you will be able to release a powerful attack. Your Battle Spirit is your eyes so there is no better skill than this for you to learn. You should practice this more.”





Receiving the Mysterious Heaven Treasure Record, Huo Yuhao carefully placed it under the clothes on his chest, “Thank you teacher. I will practice with great effort.”





Beibei lifted his hand and pressed on his belt. A black belt with round pieces of white jade appeared in his hand.





“Little brother, this is an imitation of our founder, Tang San’s, spirit guide device: the Twenty-Four Moonlight Bridges. It’s my gift to you. With this, it will be much easier to carry things around.”





As he said this, Beibei helped Huo Yuhao put on the Twenty Four Moonlight Bridges belt and told him how it may be used. It turns out that every one of the twenty-four jades has an area of half a cubic meter inside, which can be used to store anything. It only needs Spirit Power to be used, making it a very valuable spirit guide device.





Huo Yuhao’s talent was not shown by his body but by his intelligence. After a few tries, he had already mastered the use of the belt. However, he had expended a great amount of Spirit Power through its use.





Tang Ya said, “Little Yuhao, the reason your elder brother and I came here, is to kill a Spirit Beast to gain another spirit ring. You should come with us first. After I complete the kill, we will take you to Shrek Academy.”





“Yes, Teacher.” Huo Yuhao quickly responded respectfully.





Tang Ya smiled widely, “Even though you have acknowledged me as your teacher, you don’t need to be this cautious. Tang Clan only has the three of us, it would be boring to be so old-fashioned.”





Beibei said annoyingly, “With a teacher like you, it would be impossible for disciples to be old-fashioned. The day is already late, we need to hurry on. Hopefully we will be lucky and can find a good Spirit Beast in the outer regions of Star Dou Forest.”





“Mm.” Tang Ya nodded. “Let’s go!”





Tang Ya walked in the front and Beibei took Huo Yuhao’s hand in the back. The three accelerated at the same time toward Star Dou Forest.





After obtaining the first spirit ring, Huo Yuhao felt his cultivation increase significantly. With the strengthening of his body, traveling also became much easier. But, compared to Tang Ya and Beibei, his speed was still lacking. Beibei sent a warm flow of Spirit Power through his hand and helped him as they ran. Huo Yuhao didn’t even need to use much of his own energy.





As they ran, Beibei said to Huo Yuhao, “Little brother, our Tang Clan Mysterious Heaven Skill is probably the continent’s best cultivation technique. If you practice with effort, you will be sure to achieve success. I will first tell you the scripture for the skill’s usage. You should remember it well.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao nodded and listened carefully to Beibei’s explanation.





Beibei was not only handsome on the outside but also had a warm and meticulous temperament. In order for Huo Yuhao to understand the Mysterious Heaven Skill completely, he explained every little detail with patience. When encountering a detail that Huo Yuhao couldn’t understand, he would go more in depth with his explanation. This allowed Huo Yuhao to quickly understand the miraculous skill.





In the front, Tang Ya kept sticking out her tongue because she was sure that if it were her explaining to Huo Yuhao, she wouldn’t have been able to do such a good job. She was still unqualified to be Tang Clan’s master.





Part 2





Beibei and Huo Yuhao had talked for an hour without knowing.





The wide road had disappeared and they were surrounded by the thick forest. The air became more refreshing but had an imposing pressure from the middle of the forest.





“This is the general direction for cultivation. As for the specifics, you will have to slowly figure them out yourself. If there is anything that you don’t understand, you can come and ask me.” Beibei said to Huo Yuhao.





“Thank you, big brother.” Huo Yuhao’s admiration towards Beibei continued to increase as Beibei explained. Naturally, Huo Yuhao also became more respectful.





Just around this time, Xiao Ya, who was walking in front, suddenly snorted and her footsteps became blurry. In a flash, she rushed towards a big tree on the left. All Huo Yuhao vaguely saw was a trace of flashes of cold light. A wind baboon similar to the one that almost killed him fell down from the treetops.





Xiao Ya said with annoyance: “These wind baboons are the most annoying beasts. Not only do they take the initiative to attack but they try to ambush you.”





Huo Yuhao did not use his Spirit Eyes previously and therefore did not see Xiao Ya’s movements. “Teacher Xiao Ya, what kind of spirit skill did you use?”





Xiao Ya said proudly, “It was not a spirit skill. That was a combination of our Tang Clan Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps and hidden weapons. Pretty strong, right? If you work hard, you will know it in the future too.”





“Xiao Ya, be careful.” Beibei’s facial expression suddenly changed. His right hand lifted and fiercely made a grabbing motion at Tang Ya. They clearly seemed to have worked together a lot in the past. Tang Ya lightly tapped the ground with her toe. Her body began to float as if she were weightless and being lifted by the attraction from Beibei’s hand.





A pitch black shadow suddenly landed on the ground, producing a *pu* sound. Immediately following, a dense, sweet smell hit their senses.





Huo Yuhao had just started feeling dizzy when a cold air current rushed forth from within his body, blocking his mouth and nose. A mouthful of ice cold mist puffed out of Huo Yuhao’s nose and mouth. The sweet poison gas that he inhaled before was pushed out by this ice cold mist.





*Ice attribute, my second Battle Spirit?* Huo Yuhao immediately thought about the origin of the cold air current. However, the control of the previous cold air current was obviously not from himself.





Just as he was pleasantly surprised from the effect of his second Battle Spirit, Tang Ya had already been pulled closer by the force within Beibei’s palm. She tapped her right hand on Beibei’s shoulder, curling up her body, and with a barrel roll, she landed behind Beibei.





Two rings of light simultaneously rose from below Tang Ya’s feet. The bright yellow rings moved rhythmically up and down. Surprisingly, her two spirit rings were both of the hundred-year level.





Vines rapidly released from Tang Ya’s body. One of them wrapped around Huo Yuhao’s waist and many more dispersed into the distance.





Compared with Tang Ya, Beibei was even more astonishing to Huo Yuhao.





Ever since Huo Yuhao first met them, Beibei had always seemed warm and refined. He alway carried a gentle smile next to Tang Ya, giving off a very approachable feel. However, at this moment, he was completely different.





During the time when Xiao Ya passed from the top of Beibei’s head, a dazzling blue light shone between his eyebrows. Following closely, the blue light immediately expanded from the center of his eyebrows to his whole body. Streaks of blue-purple colored electric current exploded like little snakes, surrounding his body. From the surface, there were not many changes in Beibei. Besides a blue lighting mark on his forehead, there was only one other part of his body that changed from spirit possession.





However, it was that one change alone that gave Huo Yuhao a completely new understanding of Spirit Masters.





What changed was Beibei’s right arm. His right arm swelled up, causing his sleeve to burst and turning it in to ashes. The length of his arm increased by more than a third of a meter. His entire arm became extremely bulky, covered in blue-purple scales. His hand became a claw, covered with the same type of scales. Every joint in his hand also became extremely big and thick. The blue-purple electrical snakes continued to spiral around his arm. Two yellow, one purple; the three spirit rings did not spiral around his body like other normal Spirit Masters. Instead, they revolved around this special mutated arm.





Three rings. A Spirit Elder! He was older by four or five years but was already a Spirit Elder with a level higher than thirty. Also, his spirit rings were of two hundred-years and one thousand-year!





Among spirit rings, white represents tens of years, yellow represents hundreds of years, purple represents thousands of years, and black represents tens of thousands of years. As for the hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beast that once oppressed the Daydream Iceworm, its spirit ring would be red.





Previously, Huo Yuhao had already asked; Beibei and Tang Ya are both only fifteen years old. If considering the month of birth, then Beibei would be slightly older. To be able to become a Spirit Elder at such an age and also obtain three high level spirit rings, it is fitting to describe him as the proud son of heaven. Judging from his cultivation, he had clearly surpassed his teacher,Tang Ya, who was only a rank twenty-plus Spirit Grandmaster.





*Gua Gua* With the weird noise, the shadow on the ground suddenly bounced up, pouncing straight at Beibei.





Beibei coldly snorted with a flash of purple inside his eyes and waved his strong right arm. Suddenly, the air was covered in a net of lightning, blocking the shadow’s way.





“Ka la-” With the sound of thunder, the dark shadow bounced back. Beibei also took a couple of steps back. His facial expression slightly changed. Clearly, the great strength of the opponent had surprised him.





“It’s a Datura Snake. Wow, a thousand-year one too. Amazing! Beibei, I want this one,” shouted Tang Ya with delight rather than shock.





Huo Yuhao had seen the shadow that attacked them clearly this time. It was a three meter long, rose pink snake. There was a small bulge on its head, almost like a flower.





Beibei clearly wasn’t as excited as Tang Ya. He had a serious expression on his face. Although he was already a Spirit Elder, it was still difficult to face a thousand-year Spirit Beast; even account for the fact that his Battle Spirit was very strong. If it were any other Spirit Elder, he would have probably run away at the sight of this thousand-year Spirit Beast.





“Xiao Ya, protect Yuhao.” Beibei growled. At the same time, the first spirit ring on his right arm started to shine. With a strong Spirit Power fluctuation, a thirty centimeter, blue-purple electrical dragon claw condensed and shot out to hit the Datura Snake.





Thunder dragon claw. Beibei’s first spirit skill.





This Datura Snake was especially cunning. He was previously sliding on the ground, but once Beibei started his attack, the snake abruptly leapt up in the air and used its long tail to whip at Beibei with a flash of pink light.





Instead of retreating, Beibei went forward. He leaned forward while using the Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps and deftly dodged the attack. The Thunder Dragon Claw he released earlier made a turn in midair and attacked the Datura Snake from its back. At the same time, his second spirit ring also began to shine. Numerous electrical snakes magnified, turning into lightning arrows shooting through the air and creating a net of lightning flying towards the Datura Snake.





Part 3





The previous Thunder Dragon Claw was only to make the Datura Snake move. His second spirit skill, Roaring Thunder, forming a big net was the real trap. As long as this electrical net covers the target, the Thunder Dragon Claw can catch up from behind. Even if it couldn’t cause serious damage on the Datura Snake, it could at least take the initiative.





However, the thousand-year Spirit Beast’s strength was not that simple. As soon as he saw the electrical net close on him, a pink mist puffed out of the Datura Snake’s mouth; ten times more dense than previously emitted.





Tang Ya took Huo Yuhao and rapidly backed away in fear of being contaminated even just a little bit. Her face showed worry for the first time.





After the rays from Roaring Thunder got sprayed on by the pink poison cloud, they became as if being showered by water, still powerful yet broken into tiny fragments.





The Datura Snake displayed its fearless side. Its body stiffened in mid air and forcefully hit its entire body onto the electrical net, creating a hole. As he was flying out, he moved his tail. The tip of the tail glowed with pink light, lashing at the Thunder Dragon Claw and shattering Beibei’s spirit ability to pieces.





However, Beibei’s attack wasn’t completely in vain. As one of the strongest Beast Spirits, his attack power within his rank was considered the very best. Although the Datura Snake was tenacious and strong, after breaking two thunder abilities, a layer of thin electrical current still appeared on its body. After falling to the ground, it wasn’t able to launch any more attacks.





Beibei didn’t continue his attacks either. The pink poison gas spread through the air and he was afraid to get poisoned. Just as he was quickly backing off, a bottle appeared in his hand. He took out a medicine pill and threw the bottle to Tang Ya.





Tang Ya caught the bottle, poured out two pills, swallowed one herself and forced the other one into Huo Yuhao’s mouth.





“Beibei, I’ll help you.” Tang Ya said while eating the medicine.





Beibei shooked his head and said: “This guy is very difficult, I’m afraid we would have to be prepared to fight for a long time. There’s probably other Spirit Beasts in the surroundings.Take care of yourself. I can handle him. Also, take care of Yuhao.”





This is the second time Beibei had reminded Tang Ya to take good care of Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao felt warm in his heart. Since birth, besides his mom, it was the first time someone had been this nice to him. He couldn’t help but feel moved.





*I need to help Elder Brother. I am not useless.*





Huo Yuhao quickly stirred up his Spirit Power and infused it into his Spirit Eye. The spirit ability he had just learned flashed through his mind.





In his deep blue eyes, the pale golden glow appeared once again and the jade like white spirit ring rose from below his feet.





From the surface, nothing else seemed to have happened. However, in the next moment, both Beibei and Tang Ya were shocked and they displayed a look of astonishment.





As they were focusing on what was happening, time seemed to have slowed and all the surroundings became clearer. Anywhere they looked, a large amount of information would suddenly appear inside their heads. As Beibei looked at the Datura Snake, the distance between him and the snake would show up in his brain. Even every little power change in the snake’s muscles. All of the details were clearly presented in his brain.





Not only that, they didn’t even need to use their eyes for anything within thirty meters. Everything was shown in their minds; every little detail and change could be instantaneously detected.





This was…





Beibei and Tang Ya both immediately thought of Huo Yuhao. Was this Huo Yuhao’s first spirit ability? How would it be so magical? With the help of such detection ability, it would be easier to face any opponent. Especially for an opponent such as the Datura Snake, who was specialized in speed. For Beibei, who specialized in attack, to be able to read the opponent is probably the most useful support he can get.





A ten-year spirit ring can supply such a strong support ability? This could definitely be called a rare mental variant attribute.





The million-year spirit ring’s first ability, Mental Detection, and the second ability, Mental Sharing.





Both of the spirit abilities were of support type and it was also the first time Huo Yuhao used them. Even though he did not completely understand the two abilities, they still exhibited enormous effects.





With his current strength, the spirit ring provided by the Daydream Iceworm had the Spirit Power equivalent to a four-hundred-year beast. Because of that, Mental Detection and Mental Sharing could both only reach a diameter of thirty meters. However, with his current strength, he can, at most, give aid to three people. Any more than that, his power wouldn’t able to support them.





Both of these abilities consumed little Spirit Power. However, they do consume quite a bit of mental power. It could be said that he was using both mental and Spirit Power to maintain the use of the two abilities. With his current level of cultivation, he can at least maintain them for a quarter of an hour. The exact maximum time he could maintain will have to be tested out in the future.





A deep explosion sound erupted from Beibei’s body as blue-purple lightning covered his body. The scales on his right arm rapidly spread onto his body, covering his right chest. The aura around him grew exponentially and his purple spirit ring shined brightly.





A thousand-year spirit ring’s ability, Thunder’s Rage.





As the possessor of one of the strongest attack spirits, this third spirit ability immediately increased Beibei’s Spirit Power by more than fifty percent. His lightning attribute increased in power even more dramatically. Although this is not a direct attack ability, it can help Beibei to reach an extremely powerful state. Even some four ring Spirit Ancestors, with weaker Battle Spirits, are no match against him.





Although Beibei is relatively young, he has a lot of battle experience. After receiving support from Huo Yuhao, he knew that now is the chance to attack; especially since he did not know how long Huo Yuhao could maintain his abilities. Because of that, he immediately used his most powerful ability.





Blue-purple electrical lights curled within his right hand that had transformed into a dragon’s claw. An even bigger claw, two times larger to be exact, appeared. This time, however, Beibei did not send it out immediately. Instead, in a flash, he rushed towards the Datura Snake.





The Datura Snake was rather cunning. One thousand years of cultivation had given him a certain level of intelligence. The aura from Beibei’s body gave him a sense of danger. Not wanting to fight anymore, he gushed out another poison cloud towards Beibei and ran away.





“Hmph!” Beibei said coldly. The light in his eyes became profound. A thin layer of broken electrical current shot out from his body to disperse the poison cloud. At the same time, the Thunder Dragon Claw slashed through the air to his left.





Part 4





By this time, the complete power of Huo Yuhao’s mental sensing ability had fully shown itself. WIth his help, Beibei would predict and attack. The moment the Datura Snake jumped up to flee, Beibei had already appeared directly in front of it and released a huge pressure that drew the snake to him. With this powerful suction, the Datura Snake’s momentum had disappeared and flew straight to Beibei.





In front of life and death, the Datura Snake suddenly flared up. A thick, pink light appeared on its head. With a “ssss” sound, the bulging, flower-like obtuse shape on its head suddenly exploded and a pink colored blood arrow flew toward Beibei.





However, Beibei had already reacted before it happened. Just as the flower erupted, his right hand with the Thunder Dragon Claw had already extended and exploded on the body of the Datura snake.





The pink blood arrow had just flown a few centimeters before it was pushed away by the explosion. But Beibei also broke out with cold sweat because the Thunder Dragon Claw he released had touched the pink colored blood and became pink as well. If he couldn’t predict his enemy’s movement to take the initiative and had been touched by that blood arrow, there would have been a bigger problem.





With a flash, Beibei instantly charged forward. This time, the Datura Snake didn’t have any way to oppose him. With Beibei holding it under its head, it still tried to resist by twisting around Beibei but fainted after a shock from Beibei’s Roaring Thunder.





The thousand-year Datura snake had a strong body and a reputation of being as fast as lightning. But after falling into the hands of Beibei, who has a powerful Battle Spirit, its defense became meaningless. Under the power of Roaring Thunder, Beibei’s Dragon Claw suddenly released more power and squeezed the snake’s head so hard that a *ka-ka* sound could be heard. Its bones could shatter at any time.





“Xiao Ya.” Beibei called out softly.





Of course Tang Ya wouldn’t let such a good opportunity go. She quickly came over with Huo Yuhao, and a short blade appeared in her hands. She immediately stabbed it into the snake’s mouth, which Beibei had squeezed open for her, and ended this thousand-year Datura Snake’s life.





Gathering the streaks of lightning around him, Beibei finally let out a breath. A purple spirit ring had also formed on top of the snake’s head.





Tang Ya looked at Beibei with excitement. Beibei nodded toward her, “Start quickly. I can’t believe that we could meet a thousand-year Spirit Beast in such an outer region of Star Dou Forest. The quality of this forest’s Spirit Beasts is really rising higher and higher.”





Tang Ya laughed, “I didn’t think it would go so smoothly either. Protect me now.” As she said this, she quickly sat down in a meditation pose next to the Datura Snake. A translucent blue light shone from her right hand. She lifted her hand and gently tapped the purple spirit ring on top of the Datura Snake. Immediately, the purple spirit ring was absorbed by the blue lights from her hand and merged with her body.





The smile on Tang Ya’s face gradually disappeared. She turned her attention to absorbing the spirit ring. It was then that Huo Yuhao noticed that Tang Ya had already reached the thirtieth rank bottleneck. The reason she and Beibei came to the Star Dou Forest this time must have been to find a suitable third spirit for Tang Ya. However, what exactly is Teacher Xiao Ya’s Battle Spirit? Blue vines?





“Xiao Ya’s Battle Spirit is Blue Silver Grass.” Beibei said gently, almost as if seeing through Huo Yuhao’s confusion.





“Blue Silver Grass? The same skill as mentioned in Tang Clan’s legend?” Huo Yuhao said with astonishment.





Beibei nodded and said:”Ten thousand years ago, the first leader of Tang Clanused the Blue Silver Grass Battle Spirit to forge Tang Clan’s glory. Then, he became a god and left without leaving any descendants. To commemorate him, Tang Clan would always choose people with Blue Silver Grass Battle Spirit when choosing future leaders. In addition, Tang Clan would also put in a lot of effort into cultivating Spirit Masters with Blue Silver Grass spirits. Unfortunately, it was proven that not everyone can use Blue Silver Grass to unleash great power. Ever since the legendary leader left, there has not been a single Blue Silver Grass user that was considered top in the spirit world. However, the tradition still continues. No one is able to change it. Xiao Ya’s talent with Blue Silver Grass is fairly great, hopefully she will be able to have a breakthrough.





Huo Yuhao was somewhat curious:”Big brother, if Tang Clan was really that strong, like in the legends, why did it decay?”





Beibei smiled and said, ”You will understand this question gradually as you study at the Shrek Academy. There were lots of reasons both inside and out. Right now, there’s only us in Tang Clan, which might actually not be a bad thing. At least a lot of restrictions can no longer affect us. However, you, Little Brother, gave me the biggest surprise!”





Of course Huo Yuhao knew Beibei was talking about the spirit ability that he had just used. He couldn’t help but feel a little embarrassed. He scratched his head and said, “I was just experimenting. It’s good if it proved to be of some help.”





Beibei said seriously, “Far more than just a bit of help. I didn’t have much confidence with a thousand-year Spirit Beast as my opponent. If it was not for your magical mental ability’s assistance, I fear that I probably would not have gotten out of the fight in one piece.”





Before, when he was facing the Datura Snake at the most critical moment, he used Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing to predict the Datura Snake’s next move. Not only that, the most important moment was when the Datura Snake burst open its crown at the end.





At that time, in the world of Metal Detection, Beibei clearly felt the Datura Snake’s crown lighting up. He could not have seen that with his bare eyes. Everything came from the Mental Detection. It was because of the ability that he was able to react instantly. Or else, just one drop of that poison blood on him and he would not have made it out of the fight alive.





This also made Beibei realize just how useful Huo Yuhao would be during battles. He conservatively estimated, if Huo Yuhao was there to support him then his battle strength would go up by at least twenty to thirty percent. This is such a phenomenal increase! Especially when this is only Huo Yuhao’s first ability.





Huo Yuhao still had some fear lingering in his heart and said, “The snake we just encountered was really powerful. Older brother, what kind of Spirit Beast was it?”





Beibei answered, “It was a Datura Snake, and they tend to be extremely poisonous. Not only does its poison have a paralysing effect, it can also cause significant neurological damage. The Datura Snake is one of the most terrifying poisonous Spirit Beasts. Its body is extremely tough and cannot be wounded by a regular sword. Only its eyes and mouth are its weak points. However, the Datura Snake always protects these two places really well with its lightning speed. The most frightening thing about the snake is it’s aggressiveness. Once it identifies an enemy, it rarely gives up.”





Chapter 05 – First Glimpse Of The Gateway

Part 1





“The Datura Snake doesn’t have many natural enemies because its innate poisonous ability is too powerful. Before a thousand years of cultivation, their body has a jade green color. They grow a meter every one hundred years. By the time they are a thousand years old, their length can reach ten meters. After a thousand years, their body’s power will concentrate and they will continuously molt. Their color will change from a jade green to pink and their body will shrink back to a single meter again, before growing a meter every one hundred years again. After a thousand years, it will shrink once more and its pink color will deepen. Looking at this Datura Snake’s color and length, it already had a thousand and three hundred years of cultivation. Without your help, killing it would have cost me greatly.”





Of course, Beibei didn’t say that without Huo Yuhao, killing this snake in combination with Tang Ya wouldn’t have been too difficult anyway. Or else they wouldn’t have dared to enter Star Dou Forest.





Listening to Beibei’s explanation, Huo Yuhao’s knowledge grew once more, “So this Datura Snake is pretty magical. Would it have transformed if it reached ten thousand years of cultivation?”





Beibei nodded. “A ten thousand year Datura Snake would have become yellow, but that would be too scary. Even a fiftieth rank Spirit King wouldn’t dare provoke a ten thousand year Datura Snake. You would need to be at least a sixtieth rank Spirit Emperor to have a chance of winning.”





“Little Brother, while Tang Ya is absorbing the spirit ring, tell me a bit about your spirit ability. What is the name of the spirit ability you just used and how long can it last? This is very important.”





Huo Yuhao had just been reminded by the Daydream Iceworm that he cannot reveal the truth. After considering for a bit, he responded, “Big Brother, the ability I had just used is called Mental Distribution and Sharing. You had already experienced the area it covers. It works around a diameter of thirty meters. After my Spirit Power increases, the range would grow even bigger. I’m not sure how long I can use it for. I feel like this spirit skill doesn’t use too much Spirit Power.”





“That can’t be…” Beibei looked at him with a stunned look. “Such a powerful ability and your Spirit Power usage is not too much? Your Spirit Eye is too powerful. And your first spirit is only a ten year wind baboon. I can’t understand how this is possible. In ten thousand years of Spirit Master research I have read, never have I seen a situation like yours. It really is hard to imagine.”





Huo Yuhao lowered his head. “I don’t understand how it could be like this either.”





After a momentary thought, Beibei laughed, “Little Brother, don’t think too much. A powerful spirit ability is a good thing. With this spirit ability as foundation, any Spirit Master would want to partner with you in the future. However, Little Brother, you are a mental attribute Spirit Master. Do you want to go toward a support or control path?”





Huo Yuhao blanked out. “I don’t know.”





Bebei said, “Choosing a path for cultivation is very important. This will affect your choice of future spirit abilities and the direction of your cultivation. Your mental attribute spirit only has a single spirit ring but already shows a great potential. If you go pure support, I think it would be a waste. Even though I don’t know what kind of spirit abilities you will obtain in the future, I still lean towards you becoming a control style Spirit Master. Spend more effort in mental control. If everything goes smoothly, you could become a team’s core.”





“A team? Does a Spirit Master need a team?” Huo Yuhao with curiosity. Since young, he had always relied on himself for cultivation. Everything depended on his own experiences. No one had ever taught him anything. Now that he joined the Tang Clan, the elder brother in front of him is more important than an ordinary teacher. In this short while, he had already been taught so much.





Beibei explained patiently, “The method of using a team was fully developed ten thousand years ago with the foundation of Tang Clan. At that time, Tang San and his companions were called Shrek’s Seven Devils. All seven of them had powerful abilities. Together, their abilities multiplied and resulted in an explosive combat ability. From that time on, Spirit Masters would form teams as part of our development. After all, a single person’s power is very weak. For example, you had just cooperated with me before and made the battle much easier for me. Tang Ya and I also have a way to cooperate. Comparatively, a single Spirit Master team usually doesn’t have more than ten people. In a team, there are Spirit Masters responsible for defense, attack, and control types. These three types are most useful in a team. There are also support types such as food Spirit Masters, agility attackers and so on. They all have different uses in a team.”





Huo Yuhao said suddenly, “That means you are an attacker type Spirit Master?”





Beibei smiled and nodded. “My Battle Spirit is the Blue Lighting Tyrant Dragon which is powerful among Beast Spirits. It excels at attacking. Xiao Ya’s Battle Spirit is the Blue Silver Grass, making her the the same as our ancestor, a control type Spirit Master. But her control abilities mainly show on the Blue Silver Grass. If you can also become a control type Spirit Master, with the power of your Spirit Eye, you can match well with Xiao Ya’s Blue Silver Grass. Under dual control, we might not even need a support type Spirit Master to form a powerful team.”





Huo Yuhao nodded seriously, “Elder Brother, I will listen to you. I will spend my efforts toward being a control type Battle Spirit Master. But, my potential is not very good and I cultivate very slowly…” Speaking to this point, he couldn’t help but lower his head. No matter if it’s Beibei or Tang Ya, both are impossible for him to compare to, when he had only obtained his first spirit ring at eleven years of age.





Beibei rubbed Huo Yuhao’s head and smiled. “Potential is only a part of success. You didn’t have anyone to help you cultivate in the past and you didn’t have the right method for cultivation. To be here today with your own efforts is already commendable. Plus, your Battle Spirit is very good. It’s growth will be just as great. So, you don’t need to pity yourself. With this time, you might as well cultivate more. As long as you can reach the thirtieth rank of Spirit Power before age twenty, you will have the potential to become a powerful Spirit Master. Both Xiao Ya and I will help you.”





“Thank you, Big Brother.” Huo Yuhao was very moved.





Beibei warmly patted his shoulder. “Meeting you may have been our fortune. We easily solved her advancement problem. After she finishes absorbing the spirit ring, we will return to the academy. This place is not suitable for cultivation. You can review what I told you about cultivating with the Mysterious Heaven Skill. When we return to a safe place, we can start cultivating.”





“Yes.” Huo Yuhao answered respectfully. In his heart, he had accepted Beibei as more of a teacher than Tang Ya.





Part 2





“Oh yeah, Little Brother. Didn’t you say you don’t know how long your ability can last? Why don’t we first test it once? This is important for our cooperation in future battles. It will also allow you to gain a better understanding of your ability and get more used to using it.”





With Beibei’s suggestion, Huo Yuhao released his Mental Detection and Sharing ability once again. Pale golden light shined from his eyes and a three dimensional image of an area thirty meters in diameter appeared in his and Beibei’s minds.





Mental Detection is flawless. Even the smallest change can be clearly discerned. While Huo Yuhao was experiencing the profound capabilities of these two skills, Beibei also felt the benefit of an increase in his mental power.





The more he experienced, the more Beibei felt shocked. This Mental Detection and Sharing doesn’t only help with detection, it was as if he had another brain to help him think. The area within thirty meters in diameter can be said to be shown with absolute clarity without any hidden corners. A skill like this is like having numerous eyes carefully observing an area from every angle!





What surprised him more is what came after. While executing his spirit ability, Huo Yuhao looked very relaxed as if he had not lost any strength. Under the effects of the Mental Detection and Sharing ability, they could even feel the tiny changes within Tang Ya’s body during the fusion with the spirit ring.





Tang Ya’s form seemed to have become more slender. Her aura also became stronger at an alarming speed. Even her skin became more radiant and her blood flow more vigorous.





In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour had passed. The only change was Huo Yuhao’s face had become a little paler.





Beibei secretly sighed. With this duration for Mental Detection and Sharing, it would be enough for an entire battle. Furthermore, Xiao Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability is not only useful for the battlefield. For example, it can be used on a dangerous road or when searching for Spirit Beasts. It is a useful ability, no matter the circumstance. If it is true that the area of the ability can increase as his cultivation increases, then this is really a magical ability.





Finally, after maintaining the ability for nearly half an hour, Huo Yuhao couldn’t hold it any longer. His body shivered and he ended the Mental Detection and Sharing. He felt waves of sharp pain in his brain and a strong dizziness that almost made him fall. Quickly sitting down, he began meditating to restore the spirit and mental powers he had expended.





This was Huo Yuhao’s first time experiencing the pain of mental overdraft. The feeling that his mind was completely blank was not very pleasant.





Beibei quietly observed him. When Beibei saw that Huo Yuhao didn’t collapse after exhausting his energy, but sat to meditate, his face showed a slight smile and silently nodded. Without a doubt, this little brother had gained his heart.





The time needed to absorb a thousand-year spirit ring is not short, so Beibei spread some herbs that can keep Spirit Beasts away around their area. The few ten and hundred-year Spirit Beasts that appeared during this time were all chased away by him. Fortunately, he didn’t meet any more thousand-year Spirit Beasts.





“Wu…” Releasing a long breath, Tang Ya slowly opened her eyes filled with energy. Her entire body seemed to have become more vigorous.





In Spirit Master cultivation, the thirtieth rank is an important threshold. Only when crossing over this threshold can one become a truly powerful Spirit Master with limitless possibilities. Many Spirit Masters without potential will never be able to pass the rank thirty bottleneck in their lifetime.





“Success!” Tang Ya jumped up from the ground with excitement. With activation of her Spirit Power, two yellow, one purple, a total of three spirit rings rose from under her feet. The most eye-catching was of course the thousand-year purple spirit ring. Its bright purple released an aura of nobility. From this moment on, Tang Ya’s power has entered a new level.





Beibei smiled. “Congratulations, Xiao Ya.”





Tang Ya cheered and abruptly threw herself onto him to give him a big, big hug. “Beibei, thank you.”





Beibei held onto her delicate body with a loving smile, “I promised to help you realize your dreams, and I will definitely fulfill it.”





Tang Ya leaned into Beibei’s embrace but unintentionally saw a pair of large eyes staring at her with surprise. Suddenly remembering there was another person present, she quickly fled from Beibei’s embrace. With some embarrassment, she said to Huo Yuhao with his shining spirit eyes, “What are you looking at? Haven’t you seen a student-teacher romance?”





Huo Yuhao answered honestly, “I have never seen it before!” When he saw Beibei and Tang Ya in their embrace, he had felt envious but not even a bit of jealous. The elder brother and Teacher Xiao Ya; very matching.





Beibei coughed, “Good. Since you finished absorbing your spirit ring, we should leave here quickly. In recent years, there have been more and more accidents happening to Spirit Masters who entered Star Dou Forest. Even the outer regions have many thousand-year Spirit Beasts. It’s better to leave early.”





Tang Ya nodded and said, “Let’s go.”





At this time, the night sky had darkened. But staying the night in Star Dou Forest was obviously not a good idea. The three of them couldn’t afford to care about their tiredness and sped out of the forest.





After recovering some mental power, Huo Yuhao used his Mental Detection and Sharing ability once again; giving them a layer of protection as they were leaving the forest. They even managed to avoid a docile thousand-year Spirit Beast.





An hour later, after a hurried journey, they had finally reached the stream where they ate the roasted fish. This location was around ten kilometers away from the forest. They were far from danger now.





Huo Yuhao once again became a servant under Tang Ya’s eager demand to roast more fish. At least this time he wouldn’t have to catch them himself.





Beibei just stuck his right hand into the stream. A blue-purple colored lightning flashed through and more than ten fish floated up. Then he used his Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon skill to draw them to the water’s edge. They immediately got food.





Tang Ya also took some food out of her spirit guide device. The three of them sat together enjoying a bountiful dinner.





Tang Ya was in high spirits so she ate a bit too much. After she finished eating, she directly fell asleep against a big tree next to the bonfire. Huo Yuhao, who had gained much more, did not fall asleep. Resisting both body and mental fatigue, he asked Beibei to help him begin his first Mysterious Heaven Skill cultivation.





Beibei admired Huo Yuhao’s diligence. After taking off his outerwear and covering Tang Ya, he began telling Huo Yuhao once more about the important points in cultivating the Mysterious Heaven Skill and helped him start his meditation.





The way to cultivate the Mysterious Heaven Skill is much more complex than the basic meditation skill that Huo Yuhao had been using. There are at least ten times more vessels involved and many of them had never been used by Huo Yuhao before.





To ensure Huo Yuhao’s safety while he was cultivating, Beibei sat crossed-legged behind him. With both hands pressing against the middle of his back, Beibei slowly infused his own Spirit Power into Huo Yuhao’s body, guiding his Spirit Power to carry out its first circulation for cultivation.





Part 3





Starting the cultivation guidance, Beibei already had a grave expression. Huo Yuhao is smart and understanding, but his body’s innate potential is really lacking. After infusing his Spirit Power into Huo Yuhao, Beibei found that his vessels are very narrow and very thin. He couldn’t even use a greater power to make it flow better. There are also disordered areas where vessels meet.





From this Beibei finally realized that it must have been extremely difficult for Huo Yuhao to have cultivated to this extent and obtain the first spirit ring. After receiving the first spirit ring, even though his body improved, his meridians were still very weak. One can see how bad his innate potential is. It might even be worse than people who have no Spirit Power. Just imagine how much perseverance was needed to reach the tenth rank and become a Spirit Master under these circumstances.





Beibei has a very calm personality. After noticing Huo Yuhao’s problem, he didn’t become disappointed, but, rather, showed more admiration. With such a firm determination at such a young age, Huo Yuhao might still have a successful future even if he lacks some natural talent.





By examining Huo Yuhao’s body, Beibei guessed that the great strength of Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eye is due to spirit mutation. Even though a mutated spirit can be very strong, it can also cause a great amount of damage to a person’s body during development. Without proper care, his innate potential suffered. If he had received the right medical treatment after birth, maybe this little brother would be more of a prodigy in his generation.





Beibei’s guess was only half right. Huo Yuhao’s weak body is indeed caused by spirit mutation and a lack of care thereafter. However, the great strength of Spirit Eye’s spirit ability is due to the million-year spirit ring from the Daydream Iceworm.





As the dark sky gradually turned to blue, the light of dawn peaked through from the far east. Beibei slowly withdrew both of his palms and released a deep breath. On his rather pale face, the weariness was hard to conceal.





He had used the whole night to help Huo Yuhao unblock his body’s meridians and guide him to complete his first Mysterious Heaven Skill circulation. The process was extremely difficult, but also provided Huo Yuhao with enormous benefits.





“Wa*–”Huo Yuhao opened his eyes after he spit out a mouthful of extravasated blood.





At this point, Huo Yuhao felt that his entire body’s thirty-six thousand pores have opened. A relaxed sensation he had never felt before traveled through his whole body. That mouthful of extravasated blood contained the impurities from his meridians. After an entire night of dredging, those meridians finally opened. Although they are still very thin and weak, at least now Spirit Power can circulate and help Huo Yuhao in future cultivations. This act can be said to have improved Huo Yuhao’s body’s state to a certain point.





Although Beibei was an outstanding figure among peers and also a strong Spirit Elder; after finishing Huo Yuhao’s dredging, he was still exhausted.





“Little Brother, stand up and look east. Follow me and focus both of your eyes.” Beibei resisted his exhaustion and pressed both of his hands on Huo Yuhao’s shoulders.





At this time, Tang Ya woke up from her sound sleep. She jumped up and came to Beibei’s side.





The three of them gazed into the east with wide, opened eyes as a trace of faint purple shined across the the gradually brightening dawn in the distant horizon. If it were not for exceptional eyesight and focus, it would be impossible to notice the purple haze’s existence.





As the purple haze appeared, the three of them gave it their complete focus. Even their breathing softened as they stared closely at the translucent purple light.





The purple haze didn’t last very long. As the light began to shine through the east, it had already completely disappeared.





It was only then that they closed their eyes and exhaled all the impurities from their bodies.





Beibei and Tang Ya both exhaled out a puff of white breath. After a couple of times, the whiteness finally went away.





Although Huo Yuhao’s cultivation is not even close to Teacher Xiao Ya’s and the Elder Brother’s, he was greatly shocked.





When he had seen the hint of purple in the far east, he felt a strong warmth entering through his Spirit Eyes to his brain. His eyes received an unprecedented nourishment. He doesn’t even need to input any spirit energy, and yet, everything could be seen clearly; even his perspective expanded.





As he closed his eyes, the warmth from the purple haze slowly seeped into his eyes. Naturally, his Spirit Eyes guided his Spirit Power to combine with the newly gained energy from the purple haze. The original warmth gradually turned cool and provided him with an indescribable comfort.





Purple Demon Eye, this is what Teacher Xiao Ya had said. It really is the most suitable ability for me. Even though this was only the first time cultivating, it had already given him such an amazing effect. Huo Yuhao felt that even months of cultivation cannot match the effect that he had just felt from the purple haze.





Fifteen minutes later, the coolness gradually wore off. When Huo Yuhao opened his eyes, there was already a trace of purple in his deep blue eyes.





“Looks like the results are fairly good!” Tang Ya looked at Huo Yuhao with satisfaction.





Huo Yuhao hurriedly stood up and said politely, “Thank you, Teacher. Thank you, Elder Brother.”





The purple gradually disappeared from Beibei’s eyes and his face still looked exhausted. He patted Huo Yuhao’s shoulder and said, “From now on, we’re a family. No need to say thanks. I am going to rest a bit. I’m afraid we will have to leave later. Teacher Xiao Ya, why don’t you prepare some food. Little Brother, you should practice the Mysterious Heaven Skill again to reinforce last night’s experience.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao respected this elder brother more and more. So, immediately he sat down to practice circulating his Spirit Power using the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





With last night’s experience and Beibei’s unblocking, restarting the circulation was much easier. After the Spirit Power went through the Mysterious Heaven Skill’s refining, it gradually turned to a pale white color. The impurities had also clearly disappeared during the cultivation.





An hour later, Beibei woke up first from his cultivation. His innate powers were originally high so his tiredness easily disappeared.





Tang Ya handed some food to Beibei and quietly asked, “How is it?”





Beibei smiled and responded, “You were right this time. The Little Brother is someone we can shape into something great. His body’s condition is not good, but his understanding is. He is also willing to put in efforts, and has a calm heart. He is a good seedling. Also, the Mysterious Heaven Skill by itself gives health benefits. Practicing it for a long time will help him repair his body’s vessels. It is a suitable skill for him. For future growth, we will have to see his own efforts and luck. What we can do for him is open a door. But how far he can go will depend on himself.”





Part 4





Tang Ya softly said, “Thank you.”





Beibei chuckled, “What’s with you? You rarely say thanks to me. Could it be because of Little Brother? Don’t tell me I made a love rival.”





Tang Ya snappily gave him a punch. “You know what I’m thanking you for. Don’t pretend to be stupid.”





Beibei easily pulled Tang Ya into his arms. “Xiao Ya, I admit that I originally joined the Tang Clan because I liked you and fell in love with you at first sight. But as I practiced the Tang Clan’s skills, I had discovered the profound nature of the clan. Although the Tang Clan has declined, but if we can use our own powers to make it great again, wouldn’t it be a fun thing to do? So, right now, I am not only trying for your sake but also for the clan itself.”





Tang Ya blinked her large eyes. “Does that mean that even if I don’t like you anymore, you will still strive for the future of the Tang Clan?”





Beibei suddenly changed his expression and was a bit flustered, “Can you act more normal?”





“Hehe.” Tang Ya laughed. “I just like to see you reveal your true colors. Always carrying a sanctimonious look. Aren’t you tired?”





Beibei flicked her forehead, “That is called being civilized. You think everyone is like you? Carrying everything on your face?”





Tang Ya held his hand with a face of grievances, “You’re not allowed to flick my head again. This is an offense to your Teacher. Oh yeah, do you think Xiao Yuaho will be able to survive in the academy?”





Beibei shook his head, “It’s hard to say. It will depend on him. All I can say is that if he can really persist and stay in the academy for twelve full years, his future accomplishments may even be above mine.”





Tang Ya was shocked, “I didn’t think that you would have such a high evaluation for him.”





Beibei smiled, “Little Brother’s variant Battle Spirit is not common. You will understand if I give you an example. There was already a difference between the first time he used his Mental Detection and Sharing and the second. Basically, even though his control of the skill was inadequate, it still managed to give us an extraordinary advantage. Also, if it really is as he says, then this skill can evolve. If every one of his future spirit skills can be at such a level, then he will definitely become one of the best mental control Battle Spirit Masters.”





Tang Ya said, “It’s just his self-protection ability is a little low. At least until he achieves a high enough cultivation.”





Beibei said, “No, you’re wrong. He doesn’t need to protect himself because as long as he has this spirit skill, he will never lack a partner.”





Huo Yuhao’s cultivation time was longer than what Tang Ya and Beibei had imagined. His cultivation this time had lasted until noon. During this time, Beibei checked a few times on Yuhao’s path of the Mysterious Heaven Skill but there was no deviation. It can be said that he had mastered the basics.





After he woke up from cultivation and ate, the three started their journey toward the west once again.





The majority of Star Dou Forest belonged to the Star Dou Empire. Only a small portion was in the Heaven Spirit Empire. Shrek Academy was to the northwest of the forest and not too far away.





The reason Tang Ya and Beibei entered the forest from the south was because there were relatively less powerful Spirit Beasts, so it was safer. But the direction closest to Shrek Academy had the strongest ones.





Because there were often students who go into Star Dou Forest to kill Spirit Beasts, the strong Spirit Beasts were very hateful of them. There were even significant events such as a large number of Spirit Beasts charging out of the forest toward Shrek Academy like a wave.





Due to the danger, Spirit Masters below the rank of Spirit King are not allowed to enter Star Dou Forest from the front. Even Spirit King ranked individuals need a teacher’s lead to go in.





The three of them traveled to Shrek Academy with a moderate speed because they needed to circle around Star Dou Forest. This journey took them over hundreds of kilometers.





On the way, Tang Ya and Beibei passed the Tang Clan’s skills to Huo Yuhao. Within these, Huo Yuhao best understood the Mysterious Heaven Skill. He only learned the very basics of Purple Demon Eye, Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon, Ghost-Shadow Elusive Step and Mysterious Jade Hands.





Huo Yuhao’s diligence deeply shocked Tang Ya and Beibei. Even though he was only eleven years old, he did not forget to practice on the journey. After listening to Beibei explain how one can increase Spirit Power slightly by repeatedly using spirit skills, he would continuously use Spirit Detection and Sharing as long as he could keep it up. When it came to resting, he would immediately start practicing the Mysterious Heaven Skill. When they were moving on the road, he would also use Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps, Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon and Mysterious Jade Hands along with releasing his spirit skill.





It was because of the extended duration of Huo Yuhao’s meditation time when practicing the Mysterious Heaven Skill that they were delayed in returning to Shrek Academy. But Beibei and Tang Ya didn’t rush him. They were even inspired by him to add even more cultivation time.





“Xiao Ya, with your potential, if you used half of Little Brother’s effort, you would have probably surpassed me.” Beibei said as he watched Huo Yuhao in the midst of focusing on meditation.





Tang Ya puckered her lips. “Do you try hard? Like you can compare to Xiao Yuhao. But, he seems to be hiding something in his heart that is driving him to try so hard. I wonder if it’s good or bad.”





Beibei smiled, “Having a goal is not a bad thing. He is also young. Under our influence, his heart will naturally open up. Right now the most important thing for him is to break through rank thirty before turning twenty.”





At this moment, Huo Yuhao woke up from meditation and a white gas swirled close to his mouth. The instant he opened his eyes, a golden light shone from his clear eyes and his Spirit Eyes appeared to have gained more clarity.





Huo Yuhao’s diligence in cultivation is to achieve success one day; but the most important thing is the new experience from changing to the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





With Beibei and Tang Ya’s help, his constitution had changed for the better. Also the Mysterious Heaven Skill really is a commendable skill. During the four days they were on the road, Huo Yuhao had also practiced the skill for four days. During these four days, his Spirit Power had completely converted to Spirit Power cultivated by the Mysterious Heaven Skill. In this conversion, his body expelled a lot of impurities to become more polished. Every time he finished a round, his entire body would feel warm and gain an unspeakable comfort that is even better than sleeping.





Even though the addition of Spirit Power was not much, after converting to the pure Mysterious Heaven Skill Spirit Power, Huo Yuhao could feel the change in his body’s function and a strengthening in his Spirit Power’s persistence.





Such obvious advancements in his cultivation was a first for him. How could he not put in more effort?





“Little Yuhao, you can’t always be stretched so tight. You should still rest. Otherwise, wouldn’t you turn into a wooden person after a while?” Tang Ya said seriously.





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Yes, Teacher Xiao Ya.”





Tang Ya laughed, “Don’t be so honest and be more clever. No fun. Let’s go. We’re almost at Shrek Academy. I haven’t had time to tell you about the important points of Shrek Academy since you were so immersed in cultivation. Since you’re resting now, relax your brain and listen to me.”





Chapter 06 – Douluo Continent’S Number One Academy

Part 1





“Oh.” Huo Yuhao had just wanted to go over what Beibei taught him about capturing skills but he paused after Tang Ya told him to listen.





The three of them started on their journey. As they walked, Tang Ya started to teach Huo Yuhao about Shrek Academy.





Shrek Academy was founded ten thousand years ago. Shrek means monster. Which is to say, the academy was originally founded for monsters.





The earliest school motto said that it will only cultivate monsters, not commoners. The monsters in this context meant prodigies.





Even the almighty founder of the Tang Clan was a graduate from Shrek Academy. It was also his class that brought the first glory to Shrek Academy. The academy at that time only had those students. In the history of Shrek Academy, they were known as Shrek’s Seven Devils.





The story of Shrek’s Seven Devils has long been popular. The most famous is still the Tang Clan’s master and his wife. Although the Tang Clan decayed over time, the Shrek Academy still withstood the test of time, gradually becoming the best academy on the continent.





Today, Shrek Academy has an important position in the continent. The main reason was because of the war four thousand years ago after the Douluo Continent and the Sun-Moon Continent collided.





When it first began, the three main empires on the Douluo Continent did not work together and they were losing. Even to the point that they were deeply invaded by the Sun-Moon Continent’s army.





At this critical time, the dean of the Shrek Academy took a stand and gathered the entire continent’s sixty Titled Douluos. The dean also became a temporary marshal to all three armies, leading them to victory and defeating the army of the Sun-Moon Empire to unite the continent under the name Douluo Continent. Only after the Sun-Moon Empire ceded land and paid reparations did they survive. However, their military strength was greatly reduced and they have never been able to oppose the combined strength of the three kingdom alliance again. Their military power is only equal to a single empire now.





That war made the school famous. Not only was it because Shrek Academy gathered Title Douluos, it was also because the dean became the marshal of the three armies. With his call to war, the three empire’s royalty were shocked to realize that even their own commander-in-chiefs were alumni of the academy. Under the unified deployment of the dean, the three empires’ armies were never in conflict again. It was only because of the three empires’ alliance that they achieved victory.





From that time on, Shrek Academy no longer belonged to any country, but existed as an independent entity.





Shrek Academy continuously promoted brilliant deans. Although it had a lofty status in the continent, they never discriminated and treated every country the same. They never kept a private army. They even kept the number of teachers at a certain level. Therefore, Shrek Academy stayed as a school and didn’t give any country a sense of danger. So, the school survived, and it’s position in the continent is not easily challenged by any empire.





Shrek Academy is located in the southern region of the Heaven-Spirit Empire. To its southeast is Star Dou Forest; to its East, the Dou-Ling Empire; to its South, the Star Luo Empire. It can be said to be the center of the three great empires.





Tang Ya told Huo Yuhao, currently, academy students are divided into two denominations: inner and outer. Every year, there are around one thousand new students. But, the total number of students in the academy never exceeds five thousand. From entering the academy to graduation takes around twelve years. That is to say, the academy’s expulsion rate is very high. If a student can’t pass the school’s examination, the school would expel that student without any mercy.





So, those who can actually graduate from Shrek Academy are all heavenly geniuses.





It can be said that Shrek Academy is the real cradle for the strong. The Heaven-Spirit Empire, Dou-Ling Empire and Star Luo Empire would fight for spots within each year’s entering class, this could even result in political calamities. Just from this, one can see the reputation of Shrek Academy.





Due to hostilities toward Shrek Academy, the Sun-Moon Empire never requested to send any of their students to study there. In the Sun-Moon empire, there are also many reputable schools that have reached a comparable standard after thousands of years of development. However, the Sun-Moon Empire’s military force has always been under restriction. They are not allowed to expand so it gave the appearance of modesty.





“Yuhao, after you enter the academy, you will be cultivating in the outer school. The outer school is divided into many departments so you should temporarily enter the control type department. You can practice spirit guidance at the same time. What do you think?” Tang Ya asked after explaining the basic situation of the academy.





“Teacher Xiao Ya, what is spirit guidance?” Huo Yuhao asked.





Tang Ya responded, “The spirit guidance department is focused on learning how to make spirit guidance weapons.” When she came to the words spirit guidance weapons, she clenched her teeth tightly.





“Spirit guidance weapons?” Huo Yuhao still didn’t understand. It’s not his fault. His experience from growing up in a closed environment was small and Shrek Academy is the continent’s number one academy.





Beibei saw that Tang Ya’s expression didn’t look good and replaced her in responding to Huo Yuhao. “Spirit guidance devices have a lot of connection to our Tang Clan. Spirit guidance devices are basically tools which you can activate using Spirit Power. The higher your Spirit Power, the stronger the force exerted. Which means, even if you are a Tool Spirit Master, if you have a weapon-type spirit guidance device, you can still exhibit a powerful offensive force. The rise of the spirit guidance weapons is the reason the Tang Clan declined.”





“We were still the most powerful four thousand years ago. The collision of the Sun-Moon continent was the reason why we declined” said Yang Ya with hatred. “The Tang Clan was famous because of its hidden weapons and made money through selling these weapons. From the start, almost every single country would buy a set amount. Even other clans and sects would buy from us as well.”





“Four thousand years ago, the Sun-Moon continent collided with our Doulu continent and war began. The three empires equipped with our hidden weapons fought with the Sun-Moon Empire. Even though the Sun-Moon Empire did not have significant advancements in Spirit Master cultivation, they had more significant development of spirit guidance devices. Using those spirit activated weapons, they were stronger as a force than using our Tang Clan hidden weapons. In the early battles, our Douluo continent empires suffered heavy mortalities.”





Part 2





“Even though we won the war, the use of our Tang Clan hidden weapons was called into question. From that time on, each country began to significantly reduce their purchase of our hidden weapons. Even though the Tang Clan had a lot of funds, we followed our first master’s wishes and donated most of it. They were used to change the living conditions of people in poor regions and to build schools for their education. So, we didn’t have much leftover.”





“At the time, the Tang Clan had many thousands of people. The speed of decline was way too fast. In less than two hundred years, our Tang Clan had hit the bottom. The once magnificent, number one Tang Clan lost its glory. When it reached my generation, the only people left were me, Dad and Mom, the three of us. One time, in the hunt for a Spirit Beast, Mom and Dad left me. Tang Clan was then left with me alone.”





Speaking to this point, tears followed down Tang Ya’s smooth, exquisite face. she unintentionally tightly clenched her fists.





“Teacher Xiao Ya, are the Tang Clan’s hidden weapons really no match for the spirit guidance weapons?” Huo Yuhao muttered.





Tang Ya sighed and said, “From certain aspects, it is true. The Sun-Moon Empire not only brought spirit guidance weapons but also a vast amounts of mineral deposits. These precious minerals are all very good for Spirit Power guidance and suitable for making spirit guidance devices. This means that in the past few thousand years, the development of spirit guidance weapons went rapidly. This made our Tang Clan hidden weapons lose even more market share. However, based on fine details and clever designs, our hiddens weapons are definitely above spirit guidance devices. Especially a few top hidden weapons. But, the creation of those weapons is also very complicated.”





Beibei patted Tang Ya’s head. “The development of spirit guidance devices was a big blow to our hidden weapons. When I first met Tang Ya, she was still stubbornly holding on to the idea that hidden weapons were better. The reality is, spirit guidance devices replaced our hidden weapons as the standard weapon. There is a good reason. First is because it is easy for everyone to accept. Especially for Tool Spirit Masters with no offense abilities, having a spirit guidance device meant they could become Battle Spirit Masters in an instant. All they would need is the ability to use Spirit Power. So, Xiao Ya and I determined that for the growth of the Tang Clan, we cannot be so close-minded like the past. We need to immerse ourselves more in the world. If we want to re-establish the Tang Clan, not only will we need to understand spirit guidance devices but we also need to combine hidden weapons and spirit guidance devices to create a more powerful spirit guidance weapon. Only with this will there be a chance for our growth. So, any disciple of the Tang Clan will need to study spirit guidance weapons outside of cultivating their Battle Spirit.”





Huo Yuhao said, “Teacher Xiao Ya, Elder Brother, if spirit guidance weapons are this powerful, then why did the Sun-Moon Empire lose to our three empire alliance?”





Beibei smiled. “Even though spirit guidance weapons are not weak, the greatest spirit guidance weapon still can’t match against the fighting strength of Titled Douluos. But over the last few thousand years, extremely powerful spirit guidance weapons have started to appear that could even threaten Titled Douluos. Spirit guidance devices also have a problem, which is that the more powerful spirit weapons require a more powerful Spirit Master to use. If there is not enough Spirit Power to support it, then the power of a spirit guidance weapon will be extremely limited. So, after our two continents united, an interesting thing happened. On our side, everyone strived to learn about spirit guidance weapon usage. And on their side, they started to cultivate more powerful Spirit Masters. After a few thousand years, things have become more balanced.”





With Beibei and Tang Ya’s introduction, Huo Yuhao finally gained a basic understanding of Shrek Academy.





After Tang Ya wiped off her tears with Beibei’s sleeves, she said, “Little Yuhao, for you, the most important thing is to be able to stay in Shrek Academy. Beibei and I are already third year students. Now that I have obtained a thousand-year spirit ring, there should be no problems rising with him to the fourth year. After entering the fourth year, expulsion rates will not be very high. After a couple more years, we will even have the chance to study in the inner school. But you are different. You are just entering the academy as a first year student, so there will be tough competition. There will be an academy examination every three months. Only those who pass the exam can remain. Even though our Tang Clan has the qualification to enter a student, whether or not you can stay in the academy will depend on your own abilities. No one will be able to help you with this. Do you understand?”





Huo Yuhao seriously nodded his head. “Teacher Xiao Ya, I will definitely try my best. However, with yours and Elder Brother’s power, how can you still not be an inner school student?”





Tang Ya said: “It is not easy to gain admission into the inner school of Shrek Academy. The school motto has never changed. The outer school was created much later under the high demand of the three empires to produce more talented people. However, from a certain aspect, only the students that can enter the inner school are the actual students of Shrek Academy. Within those walls, people are prodigies, weirdos, or even monsters. The students from the outer school will have an assessment after grade six. Passing the assessment means the ability to graduate. Furthermore, only the best few from the assessment can receive the chance to take the entrance assessment for the inner school. Only by passing that can one enter the inner school. The inner school also requires six years of study. It has been said that anyone who can graduate from the inner school are at least at the level of Spirit Emperor! They will also receive the best treatment from all countries, even the the Sun-Moon Empire.”





“So amazing!” Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but feel fascinated. He secretly thought to himself, *If one day I can become a Shrek graduate, I can go back to Duke’s Estate to see Mother’s remains.* His mom will then be able to rest in peace without worrying about him. With the thought of that, he tightly clenched his fists.





Beibei said seriously, “They are far more than just amazing. I have seen an upperclassman who went into the Star Dou forest by himself. With his bare hands, he defeated three ten-thousand-year Spirit Beasts without killing them. He also took the beasts back to the school. It was said that this was his tenth grade assessment task.”





Tang Ya said, “I also heard there was once a twelfth grade upperclassman. At graduation, he was already a ranked seventy Spirit Sage and possessed a red hundred-thousand-year spirit ring. That upperclassman later stayed at the academy and was trained as the next dean.”





After listening to their narrations, Huo Yuhao couldn’t wait to join the academy. Spending these last couple of days with Tang Ya and Beibei, he deeply felt the benefit of a great teacher. Unquestionably, Shrek Academy was the best choice! He swore to himself that no matter how much effort, he will make sure to stay in the outer school, so he can get the chance to enter the inner school in the future.





Part 3





With this attitude, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but think about the few Tang Clan skills he had learned while walking. Tang Ya and Beibei’s introduction on Shrek Academy had ignited the fire within his heart.





Seeing Huo Yuhao’s manner, Tang Ya and Beibei looked at each other and laughed. When they first entered Shrek Academy, weren’t they just like him?





After a few hours, Huo Yuhao finally saw where Shrek Academy stood.





It’s better to describe it as a city than a single school. Following the main road out of a thicket, tall city walls extend out from the grassland.





Shrek Academy covers an expansive area on the grassland. It really is a city called Shrek City. On the Douluo continent, Shrek City is one of the biggest cities and contains more than two million people. Shrek Academy governs this city with independent power that does not pay taxes to any empire. With this privilege, not a single academy, including those in the Sun-Moon Empire, can match them.





Shrek Academy is not set in the center of the city, but is actually in the eastern section to face the distant Star Dou Great Forest.





Shrek City is surrounded by land in all directions and easily accessible through transportation. It is not only a place containing Shrek Academy but also an important economic center for the three original empires of the Douluo continent. Because Shrek Academy is here, public order is very good in the city. Trading here is not only fair but also reassuring. So, when merchants from the three great empires conduct international transactions, everyone picks Shrek City for their businesses.





Shrek City’s south, west and north gates allow anyone to pass through. Only the eastern gate is restricted to Shrek Academy.





Huo Yuhao followed Beibei and Tang Ya to the eastern gate.





Even though this gate’s use is restricted to Shrek Academy, it was very lively this time. The eastern gate had around five thousand people crowded outside. Most merchants had heard rumors and moved. There was probably more liveliness outside of the city here than inside.





“Little Brother, you came at the perfect time when the academy is accepting new students. You can also smoothly join this year’s class of freshmen, three years lower than Tang Ya and me. These regular freshmen not only have to pass an examination but also need recommendations from the capital cities in the three great empires. This is the liveliest time for Shrek Academy each year.”





Huo Yuhao asked with a low voice, “Elder Brother, is the examination really hard?”





Beibei paused for a second and glanced at Huo Yuhao.





Tang Ya frankly said, “He will know sooner or later. This can also be a motivation for him in the future so just tell him. Little Yuhao, to be accepted into Shrek Academy, there are two requirements. One is, you cannot be over twelve years of age. The second is, your Spirit Power must not be lower than rank fifteen. From a potentials perspective, you would not pass.”





She had not said anything that would have made Huo Yuhao give more efforts because he had already been giving it his all.





Huo Yuhao seriously answered, “Then would the examination in three months also test Spirit Power?” With his body’s abilities, to reach rank fifteen from rank eleven within three months will be an impossible feat.





Beibei shook his head. “No. Examinations at Shrek Academy always involve actual battle. As a teacher said in the past, numbers are meaningless in front of actual fights.”





Huo Yuhao forcefully nodded his head, “Teacher Xiao Ya, Elder Brother, it’s possible that I cannot match up to most of these new students but I will definitely surpass most of them in the future.” His voice carried a calm tone above his years and his eyes contained a firm determination.





Beibei was more than a head taller than Huo Yuhao and extended his hand to hold Yuhao’s shoulder, “Go on. If you can pass the next three months, Elder Brother will watch you go till the end.”





Beibei and Tang Ya took Huo Yuhao and walked through the crowd to get to the east gate.





Outside of the gate, there were about a dozen guards the same age as them, each dressed in yellow with a green symbol on their chest. These are the second and third-year uniforms at Shrek Academy.





Seeing Beibei, these young students exclaimed, “Brother Bei, you are back.”





Beibei smiled and greeted every student, then said a couple of words to someone. That student looked at Huo Yuhao, immediately nodded, “Brother Bei, we would never doubt your words, just take this little brother inside for registration.”





Beibei smiled and gave a thumbs up with his right hand, “Thanks, next time I’ll take everyone out to eat.”





That person laughed, “You said it. We will never let this opportunity go.”





Beibei raised his hand and gave him a high five, “I will definitely not let everyone down.” As he finished talking, he and Tang Ya took Huo Yuhao and entered the east gate of Shrek Academy.





Not far away, a new student who just finished the registration examination asked an upperclassman: “Senior, who is that upperclassman that just walked by?”





“That is Brother Bei, name Beibei. Everyone calls him Thunderbolt Beibei. He possesses the strongest beast Battle Spirit, Blue Lightning Tyrant Dragon and is also extremely talented. When he was thirteen, he had already reached rank thirty. It is said that he is already close to rank forty now. Within a year or two, he might possibly become a Spirit Ancestor. He is one of the strongest in the outer school. If it’s not to stay near Tang Ya, with Brother Bei’s ability, he should have already been able to take the level five assessment. If he breaks rank forty, even the level six assessment wouldn’t be hard for him. Brother Bei is not only powerful but also an extremely nice guy. He is the most beloved person in the outer school and also the prince charming in the hearts of many female students. However, he is very faithful. For Tang Ya, he had rejected numerous girls. There are even many admirers in the inner school. Everyone says that within two years, Brother Bei can definitely enter the inner school.”





Beibei and Tang Ya took Huo Yuhao into Shrek Academy. Unlike Huo Yuhao’s imagination, Shrek Academy’s campus is beautiful, filled with all types of different plants. Walking on the wide road, no matter which direction, there are at least ten different types of plants in sight, all meticulously pruned.





As they walked about two hundred more meters, a couple of huge statues blocked their view. There were about ten of those statues, each at least ten meters in height and were carved from the hardest granite.





Part 4





The front row only had three statues. The center one was an old man with a pair of glasses and a smile on his face. His figure was around average but a little chubby. He looked like a kind gentleman.





Beibei told Huo Yuhao, “The one in the center is the founder of Shrek Academy and the first dean, Flander. To his left is one of my ancestors. He created the foundation of the current teachings in Shrek Academy Battle Spirit courses. He is one of the top ten experts, Grandmaster Yu Xiaogang. My mother is his direct descendant. The woman on the right, Liu Er Long, is also my ancestor. The two of them and Flander formed the Golden Triangle. If Flander is said to have created Shrek Academy, then Grandmaster is the school’s real spirit. He was the one who trained the Shrek Seven Devils who now stand behind them.”





Grandmaster’s statue looked like a slightly slim, middle aged man; while Liu Er Long’s statue was a graceful, middle aged woman.





Behind them, there were seven statues. When Huo Yuhao’s gaze fell upon the first statue, his body shivered from shock.





It was a tall figure of a handsome young man. The amazing thing was his pair of eyes. His forehead also had the word “king.” Even though it was only a statue, it had an aura of greatness.





“Behind the Golden Triangle are the statues of the Shrek Seven Devils, who were responsible for the brilliance of the academy. The first is the White Tiger Douluo, Dai Mubai. The second is the Sausage Douluo, Oscar. The third is our Tang Clan’s founder, Thousand Hands Douluo, Tang San.”





Within these seven people, Tang San was the most handsome. His long blue hair draped upon his back with a simple outfit. There were many blue vines that encircled the statue showing that obviously, his Battle Spirit was Blue Silver Grass. He showed a hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth. His eyes focused on the fifth statue in the row who was a woman with a scorpion braid.





“The fourth is the Evil Phoenix Douluo, Ma Hongjun. The fifth is our Tang Clan’s founder’s wife, Flexible Boned Douluo Xiao Wu, who was said to be a hundred-thousand-year Spirit Beast turned human. The person after that is the strongest Support Spirit Master, Nine Treasured Douluo Ning Rongrong. She was the Sausage Doulou’s wife. The last one is Nether Douluo Zhu Zhuqing, who’s the White Tiger Douluo’s wife.”





Each statue of the first generation Shrek Seven Devils had their own unique expressions. From the fact that they all became Titled Douluos, one can see how powerful they once were.





Tang Ya’s focus fell upon the statue of Thousand Hands Douluo, Tang San. The Golden Triangle and Shrek Seven Devils created Shrek Academy’s foundation. Over the next ten thousand years, Shrek Academy had produced numerous prodigies and powerful figures. Even then, there were only ten statues here; never another added.





Beibei continued his presentation, “From here the road divides. To the left is the Battle Spirit Campus. To the right is the Spirit Guidance Campus. These are Shrek Academy’s two main departments belonging to the outer school. In comparison, the Battle Spirit School is much larger. The Battle Spirit School also has many subdivisions. We will first apply to the Battle Spirit School. You will need to pass the first new student examination before you are allowed to apply to the Spirit Guidance School.





Huo Yuhao’s gaze was still captivated by the ten statues. His mother’s stories played over and over again in his mind and he felt waves of shock.





Walking left from the statues, the road was still very wide, enough for four or five carriages side by side. The road sign read: Lakeside Trail.





Between the shade of the green trees on the right hand side, you could almost see a wide expanse of water. In other words, there was a huge lake behind the ten statues.





Tang Ya noticed Huo Yuhao’s gaze and proudly said, “That was built to commemorate our Tang Clan’s ancestor, Thousand Hand Douluo Tang San. It is called the Sea God Lake; because legend says, our ancestor Tang San inherited the Sea God’s will. The Sea God Lake is very wide and is filled with underground water. The inner school of the Shrek Academy is on an island in the center of this lake. All the outer school are proud of being able to step on the island in the center.”





Beibei looked in the direction of the Sea God Lake with determination sparkling in his eyes.





The Sea God Lake was really big. They walked for fifteen minutes to the south and another fifteen minutes to the west before the trail ended. A wide, rectangular plaza came into sight. On the side stood a sign that read: Shrek Plaza.





Behind the Shrek Plaza stood many tall academic buildings with different colors. The main colors were white, yellow, purple and black. Looking north from the plaza, there was also a cluster of grey-colored academic buildings.





Beibei pointed at the academic buildings on the other side of the plaza, “The colors of the academic buildings represent different ranks. They are separated by the color of the spirit rings. The white academic building is for new students, just like the lowest ten-year spirit rings. Yellow is for the second and third years. Purple is for the fourth and fifth years. Black is the sixth year’s academic building. If you can walk out from the black academic building, you can receive the outer school’s graduation certificate.





“The grey buildings on the far side belong to the spirit guidance department. The spirit guidance buildings take up about a third of the main academic area. Beside those academic buildings in the front, the backside has more designated areas such as the Spirit Battle Arena, Examination Area, Dormitory Area, Office Area, etc.”





The white new student academic buildings were at the far south. They were also closest to the Lakeside Trail. The three of them walked from Shrek Plaza and directly into the white academic buildings.





Since it was enrollment time for the new students, the new student buildings were extremely lively. Many who had passed the entrance examination were here for registration.





Under Beibei and Tang Ya, Huo Yuhao had a very smooth registration. The tuition was paid by Beibei. One year of tuition was ten gold coins, and that didn’t even include the food cost. The tuition was nonrefundable even if they failed the first exam and were forced to withdraw.





After receiving the dormitory keys, two sets of uniforms, and a white new student badge, Huo Yuhao followed Tang Ya and Beibei out of the new student academic buildings.





Tang Ya said, “Little Yuhao, the dormitory is right behind the academic buildings and is the largest building on the whole campus. You can go by yourself later. The first day of school is in three days. You should get used to your surroundings for now. The first year of tuition is on us, but after this, you will have to pay for yourself. Every department has their own tournaments with prizes. Also, you are already a Spirit Master. After registration at this school, you can receive a salary from the three great empires. If you don’t overspend, it should be enough for food.





Huo Yuhao memorized everything Tang Ya told him and was about to say farewells to Teacher Xiao Ya and his elder brother when Beibei tightened his eyebrows as he saw the notice on the nearby bulletin board.





Huo Yuhao didn’t need to get closer. Circulating his Spirit Power, his Spirit Eyes’ magnification ability activated and clearly saw the words on the notice.





His mother had taught him to read ever since he was young. Even though he had never gone to school, his level of education was not bad.





The notice said, the first new student class, homeroom teacher: Zhou Yi….





Zhou Yi? I think I am a student in class one! Because Huo Yuhao had registered early, he was directly put into new student class one.





Tang Ya also discovered what Beibei was focusing on and said with a low voice, “Ah? Why does it have to be that perverted hag Zhou Yi? Isn’t she teaching the third years? How did she get assigned to teach new students here?”





Beibei laughed bitterly, “I heard that Teacher Zhou was too strict when teaching the third year students and only a tenth of her students graduated to fourth year. Also, many students had reported her to the school. It was probably because of this that she was relegated to the new student’s year. Little Brother, you need to be careful. Even though there are not many monster students in the outer school, there are a lot of monster teachers. The worst being this Teacher Zhou.”





Chapter 07 – Freshmen Admissions

Part 1





After hearing Beibei’s introduction of this teacher, Huo Yuhao was greatly shocked. “Elder Brother, doesn’t the school care about this teacher’s practices?”





Beibei answered with a low voice, “Even though Teacher Zhou Yi is very harsh, she really is a good teacher. Not a single student who graduated from her class has said a bad thing about her. Teacher Zhou’s strictness is due to her high expectations from her students and the harsh methods she uses to teach. But, almost a quarter of the students she taught have successfully entered the inner school. This number is one of the best in the entire school. The only reason she was relegated to the first years this time was because of the commotion. If you work hard and be outstanding, then being a student of Teacher Zhou will be quite beneficial.”





Huo Yuhao was relieved, “Oh so it’s like that. Teacher Xiao Ya, Elder Brother, please carry on with what you have to do. I will head to the dormitory now.”





Beibei smiled and said, “Okay. Teacher Xiao Ya and I will need to take the graduation exam now. If we can pass, we will be successfully ascending to the fourth year. I live in dorm three hundred twelve. If you need anything, just come find me there.”





Beibei and Tang Ya actually had many things to do. The reason Tang Ya was in a hurry to obtain her third spirit ring was to smoothly pass the forth year entrance exam. After entering a higher grade, there will be even more matters awaiting them. Huo Yuhao had gone to Star Dou Forest by himself to obtain a spirit ring so there should be nothing for them to worry about.





Walking through the white new student academic buildings and the yellow second/third year buildings, Huo Yuhao finally saw the dormitory. It encompassed a wide area and also had the four colors: white, yellow, purple and black. These, obviously, representing the four different areas people of different years would live in. In total, the dormitory has six floors.





Huo Yuhao went to the door of the white building and saw an old man sitting in front of it. The old man wore a grey outfit. The wrinkles on his face were enough to kill at least ten flies at once. He had yellow eyes with baggy lower eyelids and looked to be in his twilight years. The sun fell perfectly on his body and he looked very comfortable halfway lying on the chair.





Huo Yuhao went up to him and respectfully said, “Grandpa, hello. I am a new student, here to move in. Do you need to check my new student badge?”





The old man extended his trembling right hand without lifting his head and said with a low, hoarse voice, “Let me see your badge and dorm keys.”





Huo Yuhao hurriedly handed them up.





The old man waved them in front of his eyes, “Go ahead. Dorm one hundred eight is the third room on the left on the first floor. From fourth floor up are the girls’ rooms. You are not allowed to go up there. If we find out that you did, you will be expelled.”





“Thank you, Sir.” Huo Yuhao once again bowed to him before going inside.





The old man maintained his previous position but muttered, “A rare sight to see such a polite child.”





During the time he was muttering, a few new students had also arrived but they didn’t even see the old man sitting next to the building’s entrance and walked straight in. The old man also didn’t stop them. He just sleepily sat there.





Huo Yuhao followed the old man’s directions and quickly found his room. The student dorms were in a simple apartment building. There was a long hallway with rooms on either side labeled with a number. It was clear that this building’s interior was quite old and probably had been in use for many years. There were bathrooms at the ends of the hallway for shared use.





Opening the door with his key, dense stale air gushed out and Huo Yuhao quickly shifted away. After a few moments, he rushed in to open the windows. No one had been living here for at least a month. There was dust everywhere.





Taking advantage of the ventilation provided by the open window, Huo Yuhao started cleaning the entire room. It was very small, not even ten square meters, and the two beds took up most of it. There was also a large desk, two metal wardrobes, a ceiling light and metal bumps on the wall. Beibei had told him that the light was a simple spirit device and can be activated by infusing Spirit Power into those metal bumps.





After airing the room out, the stale air inside the dorm finally cleared up. Looking at this tiny room, Huo Yuhao had a hard to describe excitement. From today, this will be his room for a whole year. It looks like he will also have a roommate and should probably clean a bit.





There is a saying that children from poor families become masters of a household early on. Even though Huo Yuhao was born in Duke’s Estate, his living conditions had not even been on par with simple commoners. He bought a little basin from the student convenience store outside of the dorm using most of his money. He also asked for a piece of used cloth and immediately started cleaning the dorm.





After only half an hour, every hard to clean corner of the room was completely spotless under Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eyes. Although the dormitory room was still pretty plain, it had gained a refreshing atmosphere. Huo Yuhao didn’t plan to buy himself bedding. The wooden bed was enough for the hard working Huo Yuhao to cultivate.





Since he was a little hungry, he went outside to find the cafeteria’s location. Then, he went to the student convenience store to buy the cheapest food bowl before heading to the cafeteria.





Each grade had its own cafeteria behind the living quarters. Huo Yuhao was shocked when he first stepped into it. At the time, there weren’t many people there and it appeared very empty. Not even a single table was there. Everything was clear. The only thing there was a fountain to wash hands and utensils. There were many windows selling food inside and each had a menu. The eight windows each had a different style of food and the prices increased from right to left.





How could there not be a place to sit in a cafeteria? The dining hall door even had a note that said no food may be taken out.





After a brief pause, Huo Yuhao bought a meal from the cheapest window. Stir-fried vegetables and white rice. Even though it was the cheapest meal, he ate it enthusiastically. It was already good that he had something to eat. The price was good, too. Only two bronze coins. With his income of one gold coin a month, there should be enough for food if he spends frugally.





Huo Yuhao observed the rest of the cafeteria as he ate. He discovered that the most expensive window charged for meals by gold coins. He couldn’t even bear to think about it.





After quickly finishing his meal, Huo Yuhao went directly back to his dorm. There is a saying that the dumb bird needs to go into the forest first. He knew that he still had a big gap to close with the other students and shouldn’t be wasting any time.





Sitting cross-legged on the wooden bed, Huo Yuhao quickly entered into meditation to practice the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





Although his practice speed was far worse compared to Beibei and Tang Ya, it was still a significant improvement for himself. After starting on the Mysterious Heaven Skill, he could actually feel himself advancing everyday. This was already better than before. Over the last few days on the road, his initially impure Spirit Power had entirely converted to Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power. And the Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power was very effective for him. As it circulated in his body, it would nourish his vessels. Even though it wasn’t much better now, Beibei had told him that if he continued, the skill will even improve his constitution.





Part 2





Huo Yuhao had already made a schedule for himself. Every morning at dawn, he would practice Purple Demon Eyes. Afterwards, he would spend an hour practicing Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon, Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps and Mysterious Jade Hand and other techniques that Beibei had taught him. Other than eating, he will spend the rest of his time practicing Mysterious Heaven Skill.





Spirit Power is a Spirit Master’s foundation. Right now, he needs to spend more time on cultivating the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





“Mm. This skill is really good. It fits your circumstances well. You humans are quite accomplished!” Huo Yuhao had just entered a state of meditation, when suddenly, everything in front of his eyes turned into a sheet of white. The Daydream Iceworm’s voice also called out to him. He was once again dragged into his sea of consciousness.





“Brother Daydream?” Huo Yuhao called out with surprise.





The Daydream Iceworm said lazily, “Your body condition has changed a lot these last few days. It’s a good start. Your body’s endurance is also slowly increasing. Not bad, not bad. The few skills you have been practicing suit you. Especially this meditation skill and that eye skill. You have probably experienced all four of the skills I gave you by now. Practice them often. Especially the last one together with your eye skill. The result should be quite good and allow you to have an offensive spirit skill. Your condition is better than I had imagined.”





“Brother Daydream, I will definitely put effort into my cultivation.” Hearing the Daydream Iceworm’s voice, Huo Yuhao could affirm once again that fusing with a million-year Spirit Beast was not a dream.





The Daydream Iceworm said, “I’m sleepy so I will sleep for a while. Just continue practicing as you are now. Wake me up when you reach the bottleneck and need your second spirit ring. By then, the ice attribute Battle Spirit should have a physical form. It will allow you to experience a qualitative leap.”





“How can I find you when I want to?”





“If you meet an unavoidable danger, I will naturally come help you. Don’t worry. I can only be alive if you are alive! Going to sleep….”





The white light retracted and Huo Yuhao woke up from meditation. He was shocked to discover that the sky had already turned dark. He had actually already meditated for more than three hours and the Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power had also improved a little.





Since it was already night time, he was a little hungry. However, looking at the color of the sky, the cafeteria was probably closed. Fortunately, he still had some leftover food in his bag that he ate with water. Afterwards, he continued his cultivation.





Early morning, after absorbing the mysterious energy coming from the purple qi in the east, Huo Yuhao returned to his room to begin practicing the Tang Clan’s special skills.





By the time he finished, the sky was already bright. So he washed up and went to the cafeteria to buy food. When he got to the cafeteria, he frowned. Since starting the Mysterious Heaven Skill cultivation, his appetite had continuously increased. A good constitution needs more nutrients but he didn’t have the money for it. Since Beibei had already paid his tuition, how could he ask for more?





Fortunately, there wasn’t much variety for breakfast and it was also very cheap. Huo Yuhao bought a few eggs and a bowl of congee. This time, he reluctantly spent three bronze coins. At least he gave himself some good nutrients. He noticed that the food he had thought was cheap yesterday was really more expensive than food outside.





“Little Brother, you can’t be stingy for food. Inadequate nutrition is not good. The school has jobs for students that you can take to have a source of income.” Without his knowing, Beibei had arrived next to Huo Yuhao.





“Elder Brother!” Huo Yuhao called out with surprise. Until now, the only people he knew in Shrek Academy was Tang Ya and Beibei.





Beibei said apologetically, “Not giving you money is in hopes that you will learn self-reliance. Battle strength is only one part. A person’s real strength encompasses a combination of skills. The most important is to be able to survive under any circumstances. Do you understand?”





“Elder Brother, you have already helped me with so much. I understand. I still have a few coins. After school starts, I will take some work to do.”





Beibei patted his head, “Okay. I’m going to leave first then. Remember, you can earn more money but should never save it on food. You need nourishment.”





Huo Yuhao left the cafeteria with Beibei. He decided that he will follow what his elder brother said and treat himself to a good lunch today.





Back in the dormitory building, Huo Yuhao had just reached his room when he discovered that the door was open. Initially he was shocked, then he realized that his roommate had probably arrived.





Right then, a young man walked out of the room and froze upon seeing Huo Yuhao.





The young man had a delicate face with fair skin and a pair of big, light blue eyes. His neat, short hair was the same color. He was even more handsome than Beibei. Definitely the best looking person of the same age that Huo Yuhao had ever seen. The young man’s height and age seemed similar to him.





“You are?” Huo Yuhao asked subconsciously.





The young man arrogantly gave him a glare, “Get out of my way.”





“Oh.” Huo Yuhao quickly shifted to the side and the young man walked past him. After a few steps, he stopped and turned his head, “You are probably also in this room. Considering you have cleaned the entire room, I will allow you to temporarily live with me. I have a few rules that you must remember. First, never bring anyone back. Second, never be naked inside the room. Third, you are not allowed to snore when you sleep. Fourth, don’t bother me. Fifth, when you clean the room in the future, don’t touch my bed. Did you get all that?”





Seeing this young man be so arrogant, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but get angry. “Why should I listen to you?”





The young man gave a cold snort. “If you don’t listen to me, I will kick you out. Try it if you don’t believe me.”





Huo Yuhao had been bullied since he was young in Duke’s Estate and couldn’t tolerate such arrogance. He coldly responded, “Why don’t we try it then? Let’s go outside.”





Seeing how Huo Yuhao wouldn’t back down, the young man laughed. His laugh was very pretty but the sense of disdain and contempt ignited the fire in Huo Yuhao’s heart even more.





“I still don’t know your name,” the young man asked with contempt.





Huo Yuhao answered with a low voice, “Before asking for another’s name, shouldn’t you first say your own?”





The young man answered casually, “I am Wang Dong.”





“I am Huo Yuhao.”





Wang Dong slightly smiled and suddenly came closer to Huo Yuhao, “Good. I think this name will quickly disappear from Shrek Academy. Let’s go, idiot.” As he said this, he turned to walk outside.





Huo Yuhao clenched his fists tightly and walked out with large steps. Even if he knows he didn’t have a strong battle strength, he will never let anyone bully him; especially if it’s the person who will be his future roommate.





Chapter 08 – Monster Teacher

Part 1





Shrek Academy spanned a wide area and there was a lot of empty space between buildings. After walking out, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong directly stood in the open area outside of the dormitory.Turning around, Huo Yuhao signaled for Wang Dong to attack.





Even with a burning fury in his heart, Huo Yuhao did not charge forward. After the life and death situation in Star Dou Forest, he had learned to stay cool.





The old man lying next to the dormitory door slightly raised his head. In his dim eyes flashed a curious glow. He looked toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, filled with enthusiasm.





Pale golden light sparkled in Huo Yuhao’s eyes and the white spirit ring rose from his feet. His Spirit Eye Battle Spirit was activated.





Seeing his ten-year spirit ring, Wang Dong chuckled. “I’m curious how you even got into this school. You dare to fight me with such insignificant power? I don’t even need to use my Battle Spirit to handle someone like you.”





As he was talking, Wang Dong tapped the ground with his left toe. His body shot out like an arrow toward Huo Yuhao. Not only was the speed fast, his body was also remarkably graceful. In the blink of an eye, his right foot was up and heading straight for Huo Yuhao’s chest.





As he raised his leg, Huo Yuhao noticed that Wang Dong had a pair of abnormally long legs, one of which was just about to hit him.





Huo Yuhao moved at that critical moment. He promptly stepped right and tried to slap Wang Dong’s ankle away with his left hand.





“Eh?” Wang Dong obviously didn’t expect Huo Yuhao to be able to dodge such a swift kick. He took back his right foot immediately, evading Huo Yuhao’s left hand. At the same time, he kicked out his leg once again with lightning speed, but this time aiming for Huo Yuhao’s neck.





Huo Yuhao seemed to be able to foresee Wang Dong’s every move. As Wang Dong kicked out, Huo Yuhao had already squated down. In the next moment, he jumped up and his right shoulder hit the right thigh of Wang Dong.





The two’s movements were very fast. To normal people, it would have seemed that Wang Dong had purposely placed his leg to let Huo Yuhao push up with his shoulder.





It went without saying that Wang Dong’s body was of the best quality. WIth his thigh pushed up, a normal person would have lost balance, but Wang Dong’s right leg was high up to his head. His body looked like a vertical line with his left foot stable on the ground.





Huo Yuhao only felt a burst of soft flexibleness as his shoulder pushed up against Wang Dong’s leg before charging forward to hit Wang Dong in order to keep the upper hand. He wanted to take advantage of the opportunity when Wang Dong was standing on one leg to push him down.





Facing the quick reactions of Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong made another shocking movement. The right leg that was lifted continued rising with his body and he jumped up with the left leg at the same time to kick at Huo Yuhao. In that instance, his two legs had opened so much that it was beyond what one imagines to be the limit of normal humans.





Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eye Mental Detection ability had accurately grasped Wang Dong’s previous attacks. This time, he saw his opponent’s movement but he couldn’t stop his body from charging forward.





Predicting enemy movements still gave a definite advantage. Wang Dong’s leg was just about to reach his chin when Huo Yuhao suddenly made a downward push with his hands and collided with Wang Dong’s left leg.





“Paa—” Wang Dong’s power was astonishing. With this leg came an indescribable force. Huo Yuhao could only feel his hands suddenly going numb before subconsciously using his Mysterious Jade Hand power. Even with this, he still staggered back after being kicked.





Wang Dong’s body flipped through the air as his right foot lightly tapped the ground. The left leg he had lifted also went downwards and his body flipped once more with his right leg whipping toward Huo Yuhao’s shoulder. He was obviously outraged that Huo Yuhao had pushed against his thigh.





As he was staggering back, Huo Yuhao reacted when he saw Wang Dong’s right foot tapping the ground to flip back up. His footsteps suddenly became agile. With a flash, he quickly dodged toward the left.





“Peng—-” Wang Dong’s right foot fiercely kicked the ground and actually left a light footprint on the stone. One could see how much power he had put in this kick. Right after, his entire body became like a windmill and flew toward Huo Yuhao with legs like metal poles; launching an attack toward Huo Yuhao like a storm.





After the previous confrontation, Huo Yuhao had become more calm. His Mental Detection ability had fully activated and he could calmly predict Wang Dong’s every attack. Using what little he knew of the Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps, he seemed to be a little boat floating left and right without capsizing against Wang Dong’s fierce attacks.





Wang Dong had become more shocked over the course of the fight. He had felt that this Huo Yuhao’s ability was far from his own. Be it speed or power, everything was inferior to him. But his own attacks could not hit anything. Even though Huo Yuhao’s speed was not fast, every single movement was predictive of his own and could effectively circumvent them. He had tried to use feints but couldn’t fool his opponent a single time.





Wang Dong’s personality was not only arrogant but also very stubborn. Since he said he wouldn’t use his Battle Spirit, then he would definitely not use it. He quickened his attacks as he doubted Huo Yuhao could sustain forever.





Indeed, Huo Yuhao was at his limits. Wang Dong’s attacks were not only powerful but also insanely quick. He needed to use Mental Detection and be completely focused in order to barely escape the attacks. However, as time passed, the difference in physical fitness between him and Wang Dong began to show.





Huo Yuhao had a tough life growing up which caused him to be malnourished. The conditioning effects from Mysterious Heaven Skill were also just becoming apparent. Compared with the extremely fit Wang Dong, there was a great difference in their constitution. Although he was using a Battle Spirit and Wang Dong wasn’t, his Battle Spirit could only help his inner strength. As more time passed, Huo Yuhao inevitably made some mistakes. Even though he only got scraped by Wang Dong’s feet a few times, there was a sense of great pain following each. The unfamiliar Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps also became more messy and Huo Yuhao became more and more passive in the battle.





This couldn’t be. At this rate, Huo Yuhao was going to lose. He backed up quickly, almost unable to dodge Wang Dong’s next attack.





Suddenly, he raised his head. Because of the dramatic move, Wang Dong subconsciously looked at his face. He saw a purple hue flashing through Huo Yuhao’s pale golden eyes. Following that, Wang Dong felt like needles were poking through his brain. Under the tremendous pain, his mind turned completely blank.





Huo Yuhao would never miss such a perfect chance. He rushed toward Wang Dong, jumped up and restrained both of his arms. Then, Huo Yuhao wrapped both of his legs around Wang Dong’s waist, forcing him to fall to the ground.





Wang Dong had always attacked with his legs. By wrapping his legs around Wang Dong’s waist, Wang Dong will no longer be able to attack. Huo Yuhao could then control the battle.





The pain in his head caused Wang Dong to tighten his eyes. Even though his head cleared after only two seconds, he was on the ground due to Huo Yuhao’s attack. His waist was tightly wrapped by Huo Yuhao’s legs and his arms were also restrained. Their faces ended up only centimeters apart; close enough to hear each other’s breathing.





Part 2





Huo Yuhao panted heavily as he asked with a low voice, “Feeling good?”





“Good your head. Let me go.” Wang Dong was furious and struggled to get free. But Huo Yuhao was using all his strength and even had the support of his Battle Spirit. Even without his Battle Spirit, it would have been hard to get free in this situation.





“Do you accept your loss? If I had used a blade earlier, you would be dead.” Huo Yuhao didn’t show a single sign of weakness. As he was holding closely onto Wang Dong’s body, he was slightly shocked to discover that Wang Dong’s body was not only very flexible and elastic, it even had a gentle feeling. It’s also a wonder that a boy’s body could release a faintly refreshing smell that felt so comfortable.





Hearing him, Wang Dong paused and his struggling weakened. Right! His head had experienced a piercing pain before and he even fainted for a while. Based on the close distance between them, Huo Yuhao would have had enough time if he wanted to hurt Wang Dong.





“I lose. Hurry and get up.” Wong Dong said with anger and his eyes showed dissatisfaction and hatred.





Huo Yuhao didn’t let him go so easily but coldly said, “It’s not that I cannot follow the five rules you gave me before. I will do it, not because of your threats, but because I respect my roommate. I know that your real power is above mine. If we had used Battle Spirits then I wouldn’t have been able to win. But, you better remember. If you ever try to bully me again, even if you kill me, I will bite a chunk of meat off you.”





Seeing Huo Yuhao’s viciousness and his beast-like glare, the hatred in Wang Dong’s eyes disappeared and was replaced by a hint of fear. His opponent’s strength was obviously lower than him but based on imposing manners, he was definitely the weaker one.





Huo Yuhao slowly let Wang Dong go and stood up. He backed off while facing him for a few steps before turning to go back to the dorm.





Wang Dong sat there for a while before finally standing up to walk back with slow steps. When he reached the door, an ancient voice said, “You really did lose. Not only losing the battle but even losing your heart.”





“Why?” Wang Dong turned his head to look at the old man with a face full of resentment, “I am obviously stronger than him. If I had wanted to deal with him then he wouldn’t even be able to touch me. How did he win?”





The old man pointed to his own heart. “Right here. He has a fearless heart, but you don’t. Being unafraid of death is not something everyone can achieve.”





Wang Dong blanked out for a moment, then gave the old man a deep bow. “Old grandpa, thank you for your guidance.” After saying this, he walked with large strides back to the dorm.





After returning, Wang Dong saw that Huo Yuhao had already started meditating on his wooden bed. He wanted to say something but managed to force it back. After a snort, he went to prepare his own bed.





Compared to Huo Yuhao’s embarrassing conditions, Wang Dong’s bed was covered with a thick layer of fur bedding from who knows what kind of Spirit Beast; it looked both thick and soft. He also had a soft blanket. His luggage had already filled his entire wardrobe and more was laid out on his desk. Wang Dong was too lazy to clean up and went to bed with anger as he covered his head with his blanket.





For the next two days, neither Huo Yuhao nor Wang Dong acknowledged the other. What surprised Wang Dong was that other than eating, Huo Yuhao would spend every single moment in cultivation. He could faintly feel the strength of Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power. The more he felt, the more he could not accept it. With a strength like his, how could he have won against me?





The new recruitment period was finally over. The new students’ dorm also became more lively. Even though each individual dorm room was not that big, the good thing was that two people could live together. The outside was lively, but it didn’t pass through to the rooms since they had good sound insulation.





Huo Yuhao had continuously cultivated without stop over the last few days. He was greatly inspired when he fought with Wang Dong. The only reason he was able to win was because of the last move Daydream Iceworm had taught him when he woke up.





An Iceworm is not a powerful Spirit Beast. The four abilities the million-year Daydream Iceworm had given Huo Yuhao were also not that powerful. They are: Mental Detection, Mental Sharing, Mental Disturbance and Soul Assault.





The first two abilities were very familiar to Huo Yuhao. He had also tested their uncommon uses with Beibei. The Mental Disturbance skill is an area of effect ability that can affect any creature with a mind within a diameter of thirty meters with Huo Yuhao as its center. But it’s disturbance is not strong. With his current cultivation, the most it can do is to create a temporary trance. Also, he cannot support it for more than three minutes. Its Spirit Power usage is much greater than the two previous abilities.





The fourth skill, Soul Assault is the only ability with a bit of offensive use. Since it is a single target ability, it’s attack power is stronger than Mental Disturbance but not by much. The only reason Huo Yuhao could use it to win in the fight against Wang Dong was because he had combined it with Purple Demon Eyes. The result was better than he had imagined. Of course, it was also used when Wang Dong was unprepared. If he was prepared, then its capability would have been greatly reduced.





No matter what, with this fourth ability, he finally had some aspects of a control style Spirit Master. However, Elder Brother had told him before that first year students do not get to pick departments. Everything will have to wait till surviving the freshman year.





“Hey, today is the first day of class. What are you doing sitting there?” Wang Dong’s voice woke Huo Yuhao up from his deep thoughts. He had just come back from eating breakfast and was preparing to cultivate a little.





“Is class starting now?” Huo Yuhao asked subconsciously. This was the first communication after the two had fought.





Wang Dong didn’t even look at him but faintly replied, “In around half an hour.”





“Oh.” Huo Yuhao responded then closed his eyes to begin meditation. After the last few days of efforts, he had become more familiar with using the Mysterious Heaven Skill. A half an hour was enough for him to circulate his energy once and let his Spirit Power improve a little bit more.





Wang Dong didn’t hear him. When he turned around and saw that Huo Yuhao had actually started meditating again, he couldn’t resist saying, “What a lunatic.” It’s been two days and he had still never seen Huo Yuhao lie down to sleep.





The white academic building’s doors opened and freshmen wearing white uniforms entered. Everyone had a green monster mark on their left chest symbolizing Shrek Academy.





Different year students wore different colored uniforms, just like the colors of their academic buildings.





The bell rang as Huo Yuhao hurriedly arrived at the freshman academic building. He rushed inside and found the first classroom on the left on the first hand floor with a sign marked class one before rushing in without pause.





Part 3





At this time, the large classroom was already filled with people. Since Huo Yuhao came in last, there were only a few seats left. It was fairly difficult for him to find a seat to finally sit down. In the seat next to his was a beautiful little girl. However, this little girl had the same expression as Wang Dong when they first met. Her head was lifted high with a proud attitude, not giving him a glance.





After sitting down, Huo Yuhao got a moment to examine his surroundings. He sat in a spacious classroom with about one hundred other students. Since there was a total of one thousand freshmen, there should be around ten freshmen classes.





It didn’t take long for Huo Yuhao to find Wang Dong. Since Wang Dong is extremely good looking, he was surrounded by girls; all looking just as pretty as the girl sitting next to Huo Yuhao.





Just at this time, an old woman walked in with weather worn skin and braided white hair on top of her head in a bun. She wore a white robe and had an average build. What stood out was her pair of bright eyes; a mysterious light shone out of her black eyes.





Since Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit is Spirit Eyes, he was especially sensitive to other people’s eyes. He felt a great pressure from this lady’s gaze.





Although the old lady was quite old, she stood tall and straight. She arrived at the podium with a few steps. Unquestionably, she must be the teacher for this class.





Seeing that the teacher had arrived, the noisy classroom sudden became quiet. All eyes turned toward the podium.





The old woman’s gaze calmly swept from left to right. Suddenly, every single student felt she was watching them and an invisible pressure pushed at their hearts.





“I am Zhou Yi, your homeroom teacher. I can’t confirm how many of you will be able to spend the next year with me. But, I will tell you that in my class, trash will never be allowed to pass examinations. I want to raise monsters, not idiots.”





This Teacher Zhou had an unpleasantly hoarse voice like a broken gong.





After hearing her words, resentment had spread on the faces of many students. Considering how these students were able to pass the initial entrance exam, they were each country’s best. Among their peers, they could only be described as elite. But they had turned into trash, idiots in this Teacher Zhou’s words.





However, Huo Yuhao was very calm. When he saw this Teacher Zhou, he had thought of his elder brother and Teacher Tang Ya’s words. Teacher Zhou will be very strict and she has a bad temper but she is in fact, a very good teacher.





“Those who have fought in the last few days, stand up.” Zhou Yi’s next few words had shocked the entire class.





These students had just been accepted. Who would fight in the academy for no reason? Even if they did, why would anyone admit it?





At the moment when the entire class was silent, a single person rose. That person was Huo Yuhao. He didn’t stand up because he was honest, but because he had guessed that this teacher didn’t do things like normal.





Seeing Huo Yuhao rise, Wang Dong snorted but would not be outdone and rose, too.





Of the one hundred students in the class, only the two of them had stood up. Like a flock of birds, every student’s attention had suddenly focused on them.





“Only two?” Zhou Yi’s eyebrows rose, “Really a bunch of trash. Don’t you know those who are afraid to cause trouble are mediocre? Other than the two of them, everyone get out and run a hundred laps around Shrek Plaza. Those who cannot finish will be expelled immediately.”





With these words, the entire class was in an uproar. It was only the first day of school, before class even started, and they were actually being punished for not fighting? Who would accept that?





Suddenly, a student stood up, “Teacher, I don’t accept this. Why should we be punished for not fighting?”





Zhou Yi faintly said, “Because I said so. If you don’t want to accept it then get out. As homeroom teacher, I have the power to expel any student. I will give you one minute. If I still don’t see you guys running around Shrek Plaza after a minute, then you’re all expelled.”





As she said this, a sudden terrifying aura spread from her body. Her powerful spirit force pressed each student so hard that they couldn’t breathe. Many spirit rings rose from Zhou Yi’s feet.





Two yellow, two purple, two black. A total of six spirit rings released an indescribably powerful aura. This teacher was actually a Spirit Emperor and even had two ten-thousand-year spirit rings. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that she could settle these one hundred students in front of her easily.





These students were still freshmen. Under such powerful pressure, no one dared to fight back. Everyone was dejected and rose to head out. Zhou Yi’s spirit rings retracted and she was expressionless as she watched her students leave the classroom.





“A reminder for you guys. You only have one hour. After an hour, those who have not completed a hundred laps will fail. This will be your first exam. Those who fail will be expelled.”





Hearing this, everyone quickened their movements and immediately started running.





Wang Dong glanced at Huo Yuhao with astonishment. There were only the two of them left in the classroom. Zhou Yi’s expression seemed to have softened and she waved for them to come forward.





Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao walked over.





Looking at the two of them, Zhou Yi nodded with satisfaction and said: “Good. At least we have two kids who are hot-blooded. Let me hear about it. Who fought against who and why?”





Wang Dong was just about to speak, but Huo Yuhao had rushed ahead and said: “Teacher, we are roommates and we just had a bit of conflict over some trivial matters.”





Zhou Yi seemed very interested and said: “Oh. Roommates. Good job. It’s good to have roommates fighting. Having competition will promote progress.”





Standing in front of Zhou Yi, both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong felt shivers going down their spines. This Teacher Zhou was too domineering. Also, she didn’t seem to follow the norm. Her thought process was too different. No wonder his elder brother had called her a monster teacher.





Zhou Yi’s face showed a smile that was uglier than crying. Her aged face also twitched: “Fighting is a good thing but I don’t like seeing it between my own students. Remember, next time, pick on someone from another class. Shrek Academy’s rules have always been fairly loose to promote individualism. We always turn a blind eye to fights. However, there are certain restrictions. Higher level students cannot pick on lower level students. If discovered, they face immediate expulsion. However, lower level students can challenge higher level students. In this case, a teacher must act as witness to make sure the lower level student is not being bullied. As for fights within the grade, as long as no one dies, the school does not intervene. Battles are the best way to improve your skills.”





“If you two can ascend to second year, then you can go to the arena to fight. If you win often, the school will even give you prizes. However, for now, both of you go run laps.”





Wang Dong looked stunned, “Teacher, I thought you said we were hot blooded?”





Part 4





Zhou Yi was still smiling, “But I never said that you didn’t need to run! To fight with your roommate when school just started. You two are really something. Since you are so promising, the exam’s difficulty should be higher for you than others, too. You two should also suffer with your peers. So, go run a hundred laps and finish at the same time as the others. Oops, looks like some time has already passed!”





Wang Dong still wanted to say more but was pulled away by Huo Yuhao, who turned and ran without hesitation.





Even though Wang Dong was dispirited, he still ran out, “Why are you dragging me? This Teacher Zhou is crazy.”





Huo Yuhao snapped, “Do you think you can out talk her? Can you fight and win against her? If not and you still want to stay in Shrek Academy, then you have to do as she says. Go run. I believe that getting expelled for failing to run a hundred laps is the truth.”





Shrek Plaza was right outside of the freshmen academic building. The plaza wasn’t too big. One lap was around three hundred meters. For normal people, running a hundred laps around the plaza was not an easy feat. But for these young Spirit Master students, it really wasn’t that hard. If they focused, they can definitely finish within an hour.





When Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong joined the rest to start running, many snickers could be heard. But the two of them didn’t care about it since they were already fifteen minutes behind. They will need to hurry.





As they ran, Wang Dong suddenly asked Huo Yuhao, “What kind of ability did you use to win against me before? I still haven’t figured it out. Could it be that you have a mental attribute Battle Spirit?”





Huo Yuhao nodded.





Wang Dong paused, “Really a mental attribute! No wonder I couldn’t tell what kind of Battle Spirit you had after you released your spirit ring. At least I didn’t suffer too much injustice.”





Huo Yuhao said helplessly, “You are too arrogant. If you had used your Battle Spirit, then I wouldn’t even have had a chance. I can feel that your Spirit Power is much higher than mine.”





Wang Dong said proudly, “Of course. Only a few can compare to me in this year’s freshmen. You only have a ten-year spirit ring so of course you are not a match for me.”





Huo Yuhao could not stand his arrogance and said, “Don’t forget that you just lost to someone with a ten-year spirit ring.”





“Eh…” Wang Dong said snappily. “Well, let’s not talk about this anymore. Since you protected me in front of that monster teacher, I’ll forget everything that had happened before. From now on, no matter who bullies you, I’ll protect you.”





Huo Yuhao didn’t know what to say, “I don’t need your protection.” He quickened his steps and ran forward.





Wang Dong sped up too. His body was more fit than Huo Yuhao’s so it was easy for him to catch up.





“You are so unreasonable!” Wang Dong said with dissatisfaction.





Huo Yuhao glared at him and said: “Well, if you had treated me as your equal, then you wouldn’t be having this feeling.”





Wang Dong pouted, “Ever since I was young, there was never anyone my age who deserved having me treat them as an equal.”





Huo Yuhao snorted and turned away, “Having different views makes it impossible to talk.”





Wang Dong also stopped talking. He sped up and passed Huo Yuhao. He began to run around the track at an alarming speed.





Although Wang Dong was arrogant, his cultivation was definitely exceptional. After he sped up, no one in the class was able to catch up to him.





By this time, Zhou Yi had already arrived and stood on the side of Shrek Plaza. She stood there, quietly watching the running students. After some time, she focused on Wang Dong. Her gaze changed slightly but immediately switched back.





Time passed really fast. As the number of laps they ran increased, their breathing also became heavier. It’s during times like these that the difference in cultivation level and body strength begins to show. Since Zhou Yi didn’t say it was prohibited to use Spirit Power, almost everyone was using Spirit Power to regenerate energy for the run.





The first ten students in the front were all very fast runners, and Wang Dong was in the lead. Although he came out later than everyone else, it only took him half an hour to catch up and to surpass them. From the way he looked, he also didn’t seem to have wasted too much energy. He never even slowed down.





After the first ten students, there was a larger group of about seventy. They were running with average speed and didn’t seem to have much difficulty in finishing the hundred laps within the hour.





At the end, there were also about ten students. Huo Yuhao was one of them. In order to catch up to the other students, Huo Yuhao ran extremely quickly in the beginning. However, after twenty laps, his strength began to be used up. Not only was he the last one, he had also run fewer laps than the others because he was fifteen minutes late.





By now, half the time had already passed. Zhou Yi’s voice rang within each student’s ears. “Hurry up, use my position as the end point.”





Just as she was talking, Wang Dong passed her and became the first to finish one hundred laps.





After finishing one hundred laps with lightning speed, Wang Dong’s handsome face finally showed some flush. His breathing was audible as he gradually slowed down. He only came to a complete stop after walking for another lap.





More and more students began finishing the one hundred laps after Wang Dong. By that time, there was only about fifteen minutes before the one hour was up.





After Wang Dong completely came to a stop, he quickly glanced at the slowest Huo Yuhao. He tightened his brows, murmured: “How did I lose to him?”





Huo Yuhao’s speed was no longer as fast as he first started. His uniform was already soaked with sweat. His Battle Spirit is of the mental attribute and provided little help for his body. If it were not for the Mysterious Heaven Skill, he would have been in even worse shape than now.





Huo Yuhao can barely finish one hundred laps even if he had the full hour. Since some time was wasted talking to Zhou Yi, the feat seemed impossible. He forced himself to increase his speed but that had dramatically increased his energy expenditure. By now, he was three laps behind the students next to him. He also had twenty laps to go. Twenty laps in fifteen minutes, an almost unimaginable challenge.





Chapter 09 – Bright Goddess Butterfly

Part 1





“No, I need to carry on. I cannot get eliminated.” Huo Yuhao clenched his teeth and increased his pace once again. In order to clear exhaustion from his mind, he activated his Spirit Power and released a shock toward his Spirit Eyes. The intense pain in his mind stimulated the rest of his body as well. He started running a little faster and passed the group of students at the very end.





Zhou Yi quietly stood watching. She ignored those who had already finished and focused on those who were struggling.





Among these students, the one who looked the most exhausted was Huo Yuhao. It could not have been fake since his entire uniform was already soaked through! But, he still tightened his teeth and bitterly continued running.





Time passed in a flash. Huo Yuhao had held up and ran another eight circles. At this time, there was only five minutes left of the time limit. Along with Huo Yuhao, seven others had also not finished. However, they only had three to five laps left and had started increasing their pace with all their might. They still had the chance to finish. But Huo Yuhao was in a much worse situation with twelve laps left.





Just then, a figure suddenly ran out into the plaza and settled behind Huo Yuhao. He caught up in a few steps and a shocking scene appeared.





From the back of that figure, a pair of blue butterfly wings instantly opened. The two forewing ends contained an ever-changing blend of deep blue, blue and light blue. The surface had a light blue mosaic with a string of beautiful bright nimbus forming a V-shape as if bringing light to the world. Its colors and shape showed an incomparable, impeccable beauty.





“Ah…” With sudden appearance of such beautiful wings, everyone, no matter the gender, were greatly shocked and almost every student let out a cry of surprise.





The pair of wings really was too beautiful. Its surface was like an exuberantly blue ocean blossoming with white sprays. Its royal purple patterns were spectacular. The surface was like a blue sky mosaic with strings of beautiful nimbi, sometimes deep blue, sometimes clear blue, sometimes light blue. The white patterns gleamed like jewels, captivating everyone around.





Even though those wings were just illusory shadows, they still gave everyone a dazzling feeling under the sunshine. Even the teacher was captivated.





After releasing the butterfly wings, the figure stuck to Huo Yuhao’s back and extended his hands under Huo Yuhao’s arms. With a sudden flap, he was actually from up from the ground.





Huo Yuhao was also shocked. He looked back and saw Wang Dong’s handsome face.





“You….”





“You what? Why don’t you circulate your Spirit Power and make your body lighter,” said Wang Dong as his pair of dazzling wings suddenly increased in speed, bringing Huo Yuhao with him around Shrek Plaza.





Huo Yuhao was overawed by Wang Dong’s wings. Too beautiful. Really just too beautiful! Is this his Battle Spirit? Huo Yuhao could feel that the V-shaped light on Wang Dong’s wings was absorbing the warmth from the sun. Not only this, the simple fact that it was a Battle Spirit capable of flying was already a powerful existence. Also, there had always been a beautiful and powerful legend in the natural world!





Zhou Yi’s eyes showed a hint of satisfaction and said to herself, “Bright Goddess Butterfly? The continent’s most beautiful butterfly type Battle Spirit. Good, very good. At least it didn’t let me down.”





Wang Dong’s flying speed was very fast. Finishing twelve laps within five minutes was no longer an impossible task. When they landed after the last lap, the two staggered on the ground. Huo Yuhao quickly turned and supported Wang Dong’s shoulder even though he fell backwards himself. Wang Dong ended up falling on top of him.





Even though Wang Dong’s cultivation was not weak amongst people his age, he was still only a child! To carry Huo Yuhao and fly more than three thousand meters was too much for his Spirit Power. His wings retracted the moment they landed on the ground and his face was pale.





Huo Yuhao was pressed under him but still revealed a hint of a smile, “Thank you. Last time I pressed you down, this time you are crushing me back.”





Wang Dong crawled up with a face full of disgust, “You stink. You think I want to be on you?”





Huo Yuhao wasn’t bothered and crawled up himself. He gave Wang Dong a thumbs up as he panted heavily.





Wang Dong paused for a moment before nodding and giving him a thumbs up, too. Afterwards, the two couldn’t help but smile at each other. The conflict in the past had also suddenly disappeared.





In the end, every student had finished running a hundred laps and stood scattered on Shrek Plaza.





Zhou Yi turned toward the students with an expressionless face and faintly said, “Those whose name I call will now come forward: Chen Cheng, Qiu Jianrao, Tang Dao, Shangguan Chentian, Lin Zeyu, Zhuge Yun, Tai Long, Tang Ling, Yun Xiaopiao.”





A total nine people had been called by her. The students didn’t realize that even though they hadn’t introduced themselves, Zhou Yi could easily call out the names of these nine students.





Those who were mentioned hurriedly stepped forward.





Zhou Yi said faintly, “The nine of you can pack your bags and leave the academy now. From this point on, you are no longer students of Shrek Academy.”





“What?” The nine of them had just finished running and were already exhausted before receiving this shock. The rest of the students also erupted in an uproar.





“Teacher, why?” Tai Long, who had a big build, stepped out with anger. In the run before, he was one of the first to finish.





Zhou Yu responded coldly, “Shrek Academy doesn’t need opportunistic students. Someone who has power but not a proper mentality will only bring disasters after being groomed into a talent. Tai Long, say for yourself, did you really finish a hundred laps?”





Tai Long responded defiantly, “Of course I ran enough.”





Zhou Yi smiled, “Ran enough? If I’m not mistaken, when everyone first started running, you were walking slowly around Shrek Plaza because I didn’t arrive yet. It was only when the frontrunner had finished his fifth lap before you started keeping up. Because of this, what you finished wasn’t one hundred laps, only ninety-seven. I believe that there is more than one person who saw your laziness in the beginning.”





“I…” Tai Long’s face suddenly turned bright red. He couldn’t have imagined that Zhou Yi, who wasn’t even on the field at the time, could have called him out like she saw everything herself, “But, even if I ran a few laps less, you can’t expel me like this!”





Zhou Yi gave a contemptuous snort, “I had already told you the reason. You are unworthy to be called a student of Shrek Academy. Pack your stuff and get out.”





Part 2





“You….” Tai Long was completely dumbfounded. With his power, running a hundred laps was no problem. Even compared to the entire class, his cultivation was still among the highest. He didn’t think that he would be eliminated like this.





Zhou Yi turned towards the other students and faintly said, “Even though I don’t have a good temper, I will follow through with what I say. The nine people I pointed out had all cheated within the time allotted. Not a single one finished a hundred laps. If you are not satisfied, you can go report me. But right now, you can leave.”





“Teacher Yi, I’m not satisfied. He also didn’t finish a hundred laps either and needed help from someone else. Why isn’t he eliminated?” Another student who was just expelled, named Lin Zeyu, called out with indignation, pointing at Huo Yuhao.





Zhou Yi smiled, “Not satisfied? His name is Huo Yuhao. If he didn’t finish running one hundred laps then he would be amongst you right now. I will never change what I said. But, he did finish a hundred laps. I never said before that you are not allowed to help each other. Wang Dong helped him. He did it voluntarily. It would have been okay if someone helped you too. But did anyone help you? I don’t look at the process, only the results. The result is, Huo Yuhao finished one hundred laps while you didn’t. So get out. If you anger me more, I will cripple your Battle Spirit.”





Uner Zhou Yi’s immense pressure, the nine students dejectedly walked away. They didn’t go pack their bags but went directly to the office of academic affairs to report her. This was only the first day! How can they be satisfied?





Huo Yuhao had sweat even more. It was impossible for him not to be stressed after watching Zhou Yi expel nine students with a steely expression and without any bias.





The expressions on the rest of the students had also changed. They looked at Zhou Yi and were too afraid to even breathe. Within an hour, Zhou Yi had already established herself as the ultimate authority within this first year class one.





“Everyone go back and change your clothes. Then come back to the classroom for your lesson. I will give you a quarter of an hour.” Finished, Zhou Yi turned and went directly back to the academic building.





This time, no one dared to argue. They immediately scattered and almost everyone was rushing back to their dorms.





“This old hag is too ruthless.” Wang Dong said to Huo Yuhao as they were rushing back to their room.





Huo Yuhao said, “Thank you. If it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid I…”





Wang Dong snorted, “Don’t thank me. If it wasn’t for the fight with me, you would have been able to finish. Go change first. I didn’t sweat that much.”





Huo Yuhao was surprised, “Why don’t we change together to save time?”





Wang Dong responded, “Did you forget the five rules I set before? I don’t like seeing other people’s bodies. You just hurry up.”





Huo Yuhao didn’t have time to say more and hurriedly entered the room. He took off his soaked through uniform and used a dry towel to wipe off his sweat before changing into his other uniform set. He will have to wait till after class to wash the dirty set.





After he left the room, Wang Dong went in to change. Huo Yuhao was still panting a little. He suddenly remembered the pair of wings on Wang Dong’s back again.





Too beautiful. Really just too beautiful! What kind of Battle Spirit was it? Other people had not noticed but Huo Yuhao did. When he first released his Battle Spirit, Wang Dong’s spirit rings had also appeared. It was actually two. More shockingly, his two rings were one yellow, one purple. This means that his second spirit ring was a thousand-year ring. It was beyond the limits of a regular Spirit Master.





No wonder Wang Dong was so arrogant. He really did have the basis to back it up. Comparing potentials, Huo Yuhao was far from Wang Dong.





As he was deep in thought, Wang Dong came out after changing clothes. The two couldn’t afford to waste time and rushed back to the classroom.





Zhou Yi had given a quarter of an hour to finish changing clothes. But in reality, even the slowest person finished within ten minutes. Everyone was already seated orderly in the classroom. Seeing the nine empty seats, their eyes were still filled with fear.





Everyone had heard the saying that it was easy to enter Shrek Academy but hard to leave. With this falling on themselves, no one dared to have the thought of cheating.





After the time limit of a quarter of an hour was up, Zhou Yi came into the classroom right on time. Seeing the ninety-one students had all arrived, she nodded, “We will now begin our lesson. Most of you have satisfied my expectations in the last examination. Almost everyone passed this simple test. Huo Yuhao. Stand up.”





“Teacher Zhou.” Huo Yuhao hurriedly stood up straight.





Zhou Yi coldly said, “Report your Spirit Power level.’





“Yes. My Spirit Power is eleven.” Huo Yuhao said respectfully. From the way she called out his name, he had already determined that even though she didn’t appear to care, she was actually very knowledgeable about all of them. It would be hard to hide his cultivation.





Hearing the word eleven, almost every student revealed a suspicious look. Wang Dong even covered his eyes with his hands.





Shame, such a shame. He actually lost to someone with only a Spirit Power of eleven. Wait, how can he have only eleven? Isn’t Shrek Academy’s basic requirement to have a Spirit Power of fifteen? Thinking about this, Wang Dong couldn’t help but lifted his head to give Huo Yuhao a questioning look.





“That is right. Huo Yuhao only has a Spirit Power of eleven. I know that you are all wondering how he could have passed the examination to become a student here. I had asked the same question. From now on, before he is eliminated, no one will allowed to ask him about it. He is the school’s specially invited student. When entering the academy, he did not need to pass the examination. However, this will be the only exception. If he cannot complete the tasks set out by the academy, he will be eliminated as well. Okay, sit down Huo Yuhao.”





“Thank you, Teacher.” Huo Yuhao returned to his seat with surprise. Teacher Zhou was obviously protecting him! To clarify the reason he was accepted would prevent anyone from asking about it in the future.





Zhou Yi didn’t care about the students’ reactions at all. She turned and wrote two large characters on the blackboard. Offense. Defense.





After writing, she turned to face the students again, “I know that many of you are dissatisfied with me punishing you guys by making you run laps and expelling those nine students. But, you are too afraid to show it. I don’t need to explain the reason to any of you. Those with good perceptions will be able to understand it in the future. Those who are idiots can just keep misunderstanding. We will now start the lesson.”





“You all know the two characters I wrote on the blackboard: offense, defense. In this first lesson, I will tell you about Spirit Masters’ methods for offense and defense. Since the olden times, Spirit Masters have been divided into many categories due to our innate differences. There are power attack types, agility types, support types, food types, control types, defense types and so on. Some Spirit Masters develop toward one extreme while others develop their abilities equally. Every cultivation technique is different. Wang Dong, you can answer. In these different types of Spirit Masters, who should focus on offense and who should focus on defense and support?”





Part 3





This question couldn’t be easier. Wang Dong stood up without hesitation and answered, “Of course power, agility, and control types should focus on offense. Support, food and defense types should focus on defense.”





Zhou Yi said with contempt, “This is a stupid answer.”





Wang Dong blanked, “Teacher Zhou, my answer…”





“Sit down.” Zhou Yi interrupted him by waving her hand and releasing a wave of Spirit Power to force his words back, making him sit back down.





“If it were four thousand years ago, before the Sun-Moon continent collided with us, then Wang Dong’s answer would be correct. But in the present, his answer is ridiculously wrong. Huo Yuhao, you tell me why.”





Huo Yuhao had been thinking, this Teacher Zhou must have something against Wang Dong and himself. At least it’s not to expel him. Thinking fast, he came up with an answer and stood up, “Because of spirit guidance devices.”





Zhou Yi’s serious face finally relaxed a little, “You are not too stupid. No wonder you can become a special student. He is right, it is because of the appearance of spirit guidance weapons. The lines between offense and defense became blurred. This is also the topic we will address in class today. Sit down.





“I believe you are all aware that in the last few thousand years, spirit guidance devices have developed rapidly. The most valuable things that the Sun-Moon continent brought us were precious materials and the manufacturing techniques for making spirit guidance devices. After these thousands of years of development, spirit guidance devices have become more intricate and also more powerful. Even a food type Spirit Master with a powerful offensive weapon can create an attack that is no less than power type Spirit Masters. They may perhaps be even stronger. Similarly, an agility type Spirit Master with a powerful defensive spirit guidance device can temporarily take the place of a defense type Spirit Master.





“It can be said that the appearance of spirit guidance weapons greatly changed the directions Spirit Masters choose to cultivate. In reality, they reduced the strength of spirit ability. As long as one has enough Spirit Power to activate a spirit guidance weapon, he can replace his ability. This also made many ignore the importance of spirit rings. These factors created the current situation in the four great empires where everyone strives to increase their Spirit Power.





“No doubt, this type of cultivation method is effective in a short time. Especially obvious for Spirit Masters below the rank of fifty. But, what I want to tell you all is that Shrek Academy will not groom this type of Spirit Master. Because after rank fifty, they are all trash.





“You don’t understand, right? Let me give you an example. You are a Tool Spirit Master and have cultivated to rank fifty while I am an agility type Battle Spirit Master who also cultivated to rank fifty. You also have a spirit guidance device that can threaten my life while I don’t have one. In this fight, who will win?





“The answer is simple. I will win for sure. Why? Because of my speed, you will never have the chance to hit my vitals with your spirit guidance device. Even if you had the best, I can use my innate speed to make you expend your Spirit Power until it is exhausted. The more powerful the spirit weapon, the more Spirit Power it will consume. So even though defense, support and food type Spirit Masters can borrow the force of spirit guidance devices to allow themselves to have an offensive force, they will never have the same offensive strength as a power type Spirit Master. All of you must remember this point clearly. Because of this, spirit guidance devices may give a great bonus to defense, support, and food type Spirit Masters. But if your body is not strong enough, then you will always be the first ones to die on the battlefield. Your enemies wouldn’t let you off because you are not battle type Spirit Masters. Directly opposite, they would destroy the supports first. If your battle strength with spirit guidance weapons is strong but you are weak, what will the enemy choose?





“Following that concept, if my body quality is extremely strong and I have a powerful battle strength, then a spirit guidance device would allow me to release an even greater power. This is the real powerhouse.





“With the mixing of offense and defense, everyone in a Spirit Master party can become an attack. But you can only survive if you increase your body’s quality as much as possible. Unless someone invents a spirit guidance device which can replace your body, cultivating your body condition and choosing good spirit rings will become the most important points in your future cultivation.”





Zhou Yi didn’t know that after ten thousand years, spirit guidance devices will actually be able to replace one’s body condition.





“In the next three months, I will focus most of the training on your bodies’ quality. No matter who you are, where you came from or how good your potential is. If you cannot pass my examination after three months, then you can be like the nine people before, and leave.”





“Today’s lesson will end here. I suggest you all have a good lunch. Starting from this afternoon, you will train your body. Huo Yuhao, come with me to my office after class.”





Finishing this sentence, Zhou Yi turned without leaving anything behind. However, the bell had not rang at this point.





Until Zhou Yi left the door of the classroom, the room was still filled with silence as most were immersed in their thoughts about Zhou Yi’s explanation. Even though this Teacher Zhou did not do things as expected, everyone had to admit that everything she said was very reasonable.





Huo Yuhao stood to follow Zhou YI out. Other than the teacher building area behind the purple and black academic buildings, every academic building had simple offices.





Huo Yuhao followed Zhou Yi into a nearby office. Zhou Yi carefully closed the door and sat down behind a desk. Even though she looked old, her movement did not seem aged at all.





“Huo Yuhao, I don’t like to talk about nonsense. Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit surprised me, but your Battle Spirit makes me curious. I can’t determine what it is even with my experience. Now, I want the answer.” Zhou Yi said forcefully without doubt.





Huo Yuhao didn’t have any reason to hide his Battle Spirit from his teacher and answered, “My Battle Spirit is Spirit Eyes of the mental attribute.”





Hearing Huo Yuhao’s words, Zhou Yi was visibly shocked. Her bright eyes, inconsistent with her wrinkled skin, showed a hint of pleasant surprise, “Body Battle Spirit, mental attribute? Eyes?”





Huo Yuhao noded.





Zhou Yi slightly closed both of her eyes, almost as if in deep thought. A brief moment later, she asked, “If it’s possible, will you tell me what your first spirit ability is?”





It’s perfectly normal for a teacher to ask a student about their Battle Spirit. However, a battle skill is every Spirit Master’s most important ability and secret. Even a dominant teacher like Zhou Yi had to ask instead of demand.





Anyone else would have been hesitant. However, Huo Yuhao did not have this problem. His first spirit ring includes four abilities and that makes it more acceptable to show two.





Part 4





Huo Yuhao didn’t answer Zhou Yi’s question directly but his white spirit ring rose up from his feet and his eyes showed a layer of pale gold. Right after, Zhou Yi felt a mental wave appear in front of her eyes.





Zhou Yi was different from Beibei and Tang Ya. She was a Spirit Emperor with greater than rank sixty cultivation. Even though she was not of the mental attribute, her mental power was not weak because of her cultivation. To reject Huo Yuhao’s rank eleven spirit ability would have been easy. But this time, she received it.





Receiving it, Zhou Yi’s pupils instantly expanded. Everything around her changed. The new sense of clarity is almost like walking out of a fog. Everything became so much clearer and more detailed that it almost seemed like a database appearing in her mind. The meticulous calculation done by this second brain would update as her eyes scanned the surrounding.





About a minute later, Huo Yuhao stopped his ability, and stood in front of Zhou Yi.





Zhou Yi blanked for a second and then murmured: “Magical skill, no wonder the Tang Clan selected you as a special student. Tang Ya chose the right person, even if it was based on just this one skill. I was wondering why that smart, although not very talented, girl would choose someone who is only rank eleven. Your constitution is very average, too. But, I never thought you would have this secret.





“Huo Yuhao, follow me.” Zhou Yi quickly stood up and took Huo Yuhao out of the office.





At this point, Huo Yuhao was completely clueless of what was happening. He could feel that there was a great change in Zhou Yi after experiencing his skill. However, he did not know whether this was good or bad, and was even more clueless about where Zhou Yi was taking him.





As they walked out of the new student building, Zhou Yi took Huo Yuhao and walked straight toward the back of the campus, westward. After a short distance, Zhou Yi tightened her brows and said, “This is way too slow, let me take you for a bit.” Just as she said this, she came next to Huo Yuhao and grabbed his shoulder. The next moment, Huo Yuhao felt like he was riding on clouds.





The scenes next to him flashed by quickly, but his body was protected with an invisible cover.





Undoubtedly, Zhou Yi was the greatest Spirit Master that Huo Yuhao had ever seen. The speed was amazing! Only with Mental Detection could he detect the direction they were going.





After going toward the west for a while, Zhou Yi turned north. Huo Yuhao felt that they were leaving the outer school’s Battle Spirit department and entering the outer school’s spirit guidance department.





Even with such fast speed, it took a couple of minutes before Zhou Yi stopped and they stood in front of an enormous building.





The previous academic buildings were already fairly huge. However, they are insignificant compared with the rectangular structure in front of them . This building was probably the size of the dormitory.





The gray building looked very sturdy possessing quality masonry work with metallic lusters scattered on the surface. There were also muffled noises of explosions coming from the inside. Huo Yuhao could even feel slight vibrations outside.





There was a sign next to him: Spirit Guidance Test Area.





Huo Yuhao was now filled with confusion. Why would Teacher Zhou bring him to the Spirit Guidance Test Area? What does she want?





Zhou Yi naturally didn’t explain anything to him. She let go of his shoulder and walked directly towards the test area.





As they entered, Huo Yuhao noticed that the whole area was constructed out of metal. The metal had a dull grayish brown appearance, something that he had never seen before.





A long corridor followed, similar to the hallway of the dormitory. However, there were only doors on one side of the walkway and each door had about thirty meters between them. The signs on the doors read: Testing Area One, Testing Area Two, and so on.





Zhou Yi seemed to come here often. She knew exactly where everything is and took Huo Yuhao straight down the hallway, stopping at Testing Area Twelve.





Zhou Yi turned her wrist and a hexagonal pass appeared within her palm. She then pressed the pass onto the door of Testing Area Twelve.





A magical scene appeared and the door opened just a crack to allow her pass to be taken in. Huo Yuhao felt a brief Spirit Power disturbance before the pass was released from the crack once again. Following a cracking noise, the door of Testing Area Twelve opened.





As the door opened, Huo Yuhao was shocked to find that the whole door was made of metal, sixty centimeters thick. There were rails on the bottom of the door that made it possible for the heavy doors to slowly open.





When the door was completely open, Zhou Yi waved at Huo Yuhao and led him inside.





“Boom!” Huo Yuhao was startled by the loud noise as he walked inside. The air current caused by this explosion blew against his uniform with a fluttering sound.





All of this seemed like it was common place to Zhou Yi as she walked in.





Entering Testing Area Twelve, one could see that it was highly organized. Lines of thick metal plates separated the room into different regions like metal boxes. With Zhou Yi’s lead, they quickly arrived at the biggest area. It was an empty field around six hundred square meters and ten meters high. At the side, some people were playing with weird and mysterious objects.





“Fan Yu.” Zhou Yi yelled out, suddenly drawing the attention of that group of people.





Within the group, a tall, middle aged man scowled and walked toward them with long strides.





This middle aged man was around one hundred eighty centimeters tall with wide shoulders and wearing a simple grey shirt. His powerful arms looked as if they were granite. His face was lined and he showed a deep gaze. He gave off the sense of being a mountain.





“Zhou Yi, why are you here?” Obviously, this was the middle aged man named Fan Yu that Zhou Yi had called for.





“Remember what you told me last time? “Zhou Yi asked excitedly.





Fan Yu’s face showed a hint of helplessness and said: “I have told you many things before. How am I supposed to know which? If it’s nothing urgent then just go back. I still have a couple of experiments to do.”





Chapter 10 – First Experience With Spirit Guide Device

Part 1





The domineering teacher, Zhou Yi, appeared to have lost her high-handed attitude before the middle-aged man named Fan Yu in front of her. She answered politely, “I’m referring to what you told me last time about a mental attribute Spirit Master using a spirit guidance device.”





Hearing her say this, Fan Yu’s eyes lit up and fell upon Huo Yuhao. “He has a mental attribute Battle Spirit?”





Zhou Yi nodded, “Yes. He is Huo Yuhao, a freshman this year. He has a body type eye spirit of the mental attribute.”





After carefully looking at Huo Yuhao, Fan Yu shook his head, “No good. His constitution and Spirit Power are both too weak. He probably won’t even be able to use the smallest spirit guidance weapon. His potential looks pretty average, too. Far from what I need.”





Zhou Yi snorted, “Are you looking down on my judgment? Yes, Huo Yuhao’s present abilities are weak but his spirit ability is not common. It is the most practical of any mental spirit ability I have ever seen. Huo Yuhao, let him experience it.”





“Oh.” As a student, Huo Yuhao could only be a spectator at the time. He immediately released his Mental Detection and Sharing ability on the middle-aged man.





Right after, Huo Yuhao was greatly shocked and he almost lost control of his mind. When his Mental Detection and Sharing ability fell on that middle-aged man, that man frowned a little, and in that instant, Huo Yuhao felt as if a fearsome and enormous beast had opened its mouth in front of him, as if he would be swallowed in one bite.





This feeling immediately roused the Daydream Iceworm from his deep sleep. A refreshing wave appeared in his sea of consciousness and Huo Yuhao’s shock disappeared.





Fan Yu’s fearsome pressure only appeared for a second before it disappeared and allowed Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability to establish a connection.





“What!” After only a moment, Fan Yu had discovered the profoundness of Huo Yuhao’s ability. His calm eyes suddenly surged with emotions.





“There can be a mental attribute spirit ability like this? How can it appear as a ten-year spirit ring ability?” Fan Yu gave a puzzled look at Huo Yuhao’s white spirit ring. More than confusion, he was more pleasantly surprised.





Of course, Huo Yuhao wouldn’t reveal his story about the Daydream Iceworm and explained that it was from a Wind Baboon.





“Ten-year Wind Baboon?” Fan Yu and Zhou Yi were both speechless.





Zhou Yi looked at Fan Yu, “Could it be a spirit ability variation?”





Fan Yu nodded, “That’s possible. This little guy’s Battle Spirit is body type and mental attribute so it is already a variation. His choice of Spirit Beast is also incompatible with his Battle Spirit so there could have been some variation. For a mental attribute Battle Spirit to absorb a wind attribute spirit ring without consequences is already a miracle. Who could have thought that it would give this type of variation? It is probably a miracle that will never appear again.”





“Caitou, come here.” Fan Yu called to the group of people nearby. Immediately, a young man ran over.





Seeing this young man, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but be surprised. From his face, he was around the same age of Beibei. However, his body was extremely big with a height of more than two meters and shoulders wider than Fan Yu, showing tanned muscles. Not a single strand of hair was on his head and, compared to regular people, he was much darker. He also had a simple and honest face.





“Teacher.” The young man bowed to Fan Yu respectfully.





Fan Yu pointed at Huo Yuhao, “You try to fire a mounted spirit guidance cannon and let this boy help you to hit a moving target.”





“Yes.” The strong, black young man didn’t ask anything and turned to Huo Yuhao with a smile, “Little brother, come with me.”





Zhou Yi said, “Huo Yuhao, just use your ability to support him.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao had a better understanding of Zhou Yi’s reason for taking him here now. He rushed to catch up with the young man.





“Little brother, nice to meet you. I am He Caitou. Everyone calls me Caitou so you can call me that too.” The young man smiled once more.





“Nice to meet you, Big Brother He, I am Huo Yuhao.”





He Caitou paused a second when he was called Big Brother He and immediately turned around to give a thumbs up. “Little brother, you’re pretty good.”





Even historians in the future will never know that the friendship between Shura Eyes Huo Yuhao and Source of Destruction He Caitou had started with a simple form of address.





The two of them arrived at the edge of the testing area. He Caitou slapped the black belt on his waist, a glow flashed and a weird object, to Huo Yuhao, was in his hands.





It was a black metal tube around a one and a half meters long with an opening of fifteen centimeters in diameter. It’s end was a little bigger with many bizarre markings.





He Caitou skillfully held it. He tapped below the metal tube twice with his right hand and suddenly, a cover opened, revealing a twenty centimeter long, ten centimeter wide gap.





He rapidly tapped his waist again and a small ear shaped metal landed on his hand. He carefully put it into the gap on the metal tube and closed the cover. Raising his right hand, the metal tube landed on his wide shoulders.





The former He Caitou gave off a comfortable feeling but with this metal tube on his shoulder, he experienced a great change in attitude. Since Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit is of the mental attribute, he could quickly detect danger coming from He Caitou.





“Huo Yuhao, let’s get started.”





Huo Yuhao’s eyes flickered with a gold light and Mental Detection and Sharing accurately fell on He Caitou. He Caitou showed a hint of surprise and excitedly shouted into the distance, “Move the target. Shoot.”





There seemed to be someone controlling from the other side. A round disk shot out from a far away corner, aimed directly at Huo Yuhao and He Caitou.





A strong fluctuation of Spirit Power radiated from He Caitou’s body in that instant. Two yellow rings and one purple ring simultaneously appeared. The metal tube on his shoulder slightly tremored and a layer of black halos circulated around the tube. He Caitou’s body gently moved so the metal tube was pointed directly at the speeding disk.





“Bang!” A violent roar sounded as a ball of black air shot out from the metal tube. The strong air current almost caused Huo Yuhao to fall over.





However, the black ball of air did not collide with the disk. Instead, it flew right by it. After another hundred meters, it collided with the metal wall and caused a huge noise. As the current bounced back, He Caitou quickly guarded Huo Yuhao behind him.





It took a couple of seconds for the air current to finally settle down. The original flying disk did not fly out, instead it fell to the ground near them.





Part 2





He Caitou said with disappointment, “Still not enough.”





Fan Yu and Zhou Yi had walked over. Zhou Yi’s expression was not happy but Fan Yu seemed to have thought of something and said, “Huo Yuhao, how wide is the perimeter of your Mental Detection?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Around thirty meters in diameter.”





Fan Yu said with sudden understanding, “So, that’s why. No wonder. Well, no matter what, it’s still a ten-year spirit ring ability. To have such detection within your range is already not simple. We shouldn’t ask for too much. Just, it could have been better.”





Huo Yuhao suddenly said, “Teacher Fan Yu, my Mental Detection and Sharing ability can expand its range as my Spirit Power increases.”





Fan Yu paused, “How can that be? A spirit ability can evolve?”





Huo Yuhao said with a serious tone, “It really can. From the time I obtained the ability to now, the detection range has already increased by a meter. I still cannot fully control this ability. Maybe, I will be able to change the perimeter and expand it to be long and narrow in the future.”





Huo Yuhao had already realized that Zhou Yi bringing him here and the following conversation could be an opportunity for him; even though he was still not clear on what the benefit could be. But, he still grabbed this opportunity and said those words.





Fan Yu looked toward Zhou Yi and Zhou Yi slightly nodded her head.





Fan Yu said, “Good. If there is a day when your Mental Detection and Sharing ability can reach a range above a hundred meters, then come find me. I will teach you to make spirit guidance devices.”





“Yes. Thank you, Teacher.” Huo Yuhao quickly gave a respectful bow.





Fan Yu waved his hands, “Caitou, you take him aside and explain to him what a mounted spirit guidance weapon is.”





“Sure.” He Caitou already had a great impression of Huo Yuhao and waved for him to walk over.





Watching them leave, Fan Yu turned to Zhou Yi and said, “What do you think about this child? His ability is truly powerful. It would be an unreplaceable ability in a party. I might be asking too much of him, but in order for his ability to be compatible with a spirit guidance weapon, it would have to reach at least a hundred meters. I can say, if one day, his Spirit Detection and Sharing ability can reach a thousand meters, then he would be the continent’s most fearsome support Spirit Master.”





Zhou Yi responded, “I have just started getting to know this child so I cannot say now. However, you have seen as well. Even though his cultivation is not strong and his constitution weak, his heart is more mature than people his age. No other student would have said what he just did. I will look after him for you now. But, if he cannot pass the freshman examination, I will still expel him. The rules cannot be abandoned.”





Fan Yu thought for a moment, “Help me observe him more. Even if he doesn’t pass the examination, as long as he has this Mental Detection and Sharing ability that can continue evolving, then I can still recruit him for the Spirit Guidance Department. I had already researched spirit guidance devices for ten years. Incorporating past research, I have finally created these fearsome mounted spirit guidance weapons. The only thing I lack now is someone to use them!”





Zhou Yi sighed, “You shouldn’t be so attached. You should understand that other than lacking people to use them, the mounted spirit guidance weapons’ cost for creation is also a fatal flaw. They will never be used widely.”





Fan Yu said unyieldingly, “Spirit guidance weapons were originally powerful weapons for the few exceptional Spirit Masters. My research on mounted spirit weapons was never meant to be popularized amongst all Spirit Masters. I only need the fewest Spirit Masters to use them in order for mounted spirit weapons to be our academy’s real trump card.”





“Big Brother He, what are mounted spirit guidance weapons?” Huo Yuhao asked He Caitou with curiosity.





He Caitou laughed merrily, “Spirit guidance weapons are separated into many different types. It’s hard to clarify them all right now. There are two main categories: close range spirit guidance weapons and long range spirit guidance weapons. Our common weapons are close range spirit guidance weapons. After activating with Spirit Power, they can become powerful weapons. Comparatively, within a certain reach, close range spirit guidance weapons will be more powerful. Long range spirit guidance weapons are activated by Spirit Power to release a long ranged attack. The more powerful the spirit guidance weapon, the more Spirit Power it will require. That is to say, the higher the Spirit Master’s cultivation, the more powerful weapons they can use.





“The mounted spirit guidance weapon is a unique type of spirit guidance device developed by teacher by incorporating past research. They release a long ranged attack but do not require much Spirit Power. You saw the process by which I used it before. Simply, it is to break the spirit guidance device and the attacking weapon into two parts. The spirit guidance device is used to release and ignite. The mounted spirit guidance cannon I used before was just to release the cannon ball. The most exceptional quality of mounted spirit guidance weapons is the small cost of Spirit Power, which means it can be used without a high cultivation. But, what they lack is accuracy. Especially against moving targets. Against stationary targets, they have extreme power. However, it is hard to create the cannon balls and they require many precious materials. Usually, teacher wouldn’t even let me fire one. Teacher said that, conceptually, mounted spirit guidance weapons can increase a Spirit Master’s power by ten fold. Unfortunately, even a mounted spirit guidance weapon’s power is limited since it is still affected by the materials used to create it. So it is destined that very few spirit masters will be compatible with its usage.”





He Caitou’s explanation was fantastic, even though it was not very clear. However, it finally opened the door to spirit guidance devices for Huo Yuhao and allowed him to gain an introductory understanding. He secretly understood that Teacher Fan Yu must have great accomplishments concerning spirit guidance devices. Teacher Xiao Ya had said that he needs to learn how to make spirit guidance devices. If he could become Teacher Fan Yu’s disciple, then it would be the greatest option.





“Huo Yuhao, let’s go.” Just at this moment, Zhou Yi’s voice came.





Huo Yuhao said to He Caitou, “Big Brother He, I will leave now. It was a pleasure to meet you.”





He Caitou laughed, “You are this year’s freshman right? Work hard. It would be great if you can become my brother in the future. Usually, teacher won’t let me leave this place. It’s so boring.”





Leaving the Spirit Guidance Testing Area, Zhou Yi brought Huo Yuhao back to the dormitory, “Huo Yuhao, you heard what teacher Fan Yu said. I can only tell you that he is our academy’s greatest creator of spirit guidance devices. If you can become his disciple then you will have a limitless future. However, you must be able to stay in the academy first. Go eat now.”





Seeing Zhou Yi leave, Huo Yuhao went directly to the cafeteria. By now, students from other classes had also been released and there were a great number of people in front of the cafeteria entrance.





Part 3





Suddenly, a figure came in front of Huo Yuhao. He was very surprised. When he lifted his head, he saw that it was actually Tang Ya.





“Teacher Xiao Ya?”





Tang Ya’s face carried a mysterious smile. Grabbing Huo Yuhao to the side, she said with a low voice, “Xiao Yuhao, you don’t have much money, right?”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Yes. Elder Brother told me that the academy has some jobs I can take. I plan to go check them out after classes end.”





A year’s tuition is ten gold coins along with everyday expenditures. Even though Huo Yuhao wants to spend all his attention on cultivation, he still needs money to live.





Tang Ya laughed merrily, “You are our Tang Clan’s disciple. Let Teacher care for you. I thought of a way for you to make money. I know the auntie who buys food for the cafeteria. From now on, I will ask her to give you around twenty fish every day. I ordered a rack for you to roast them outside, along with some coal. I also prepared some spices. After school, why don’t you just sell roasted fish near the academy gate? With your skills, you will definitely sell out. The fish will cost a copper coin each. After you prepare them, you can sell them easily for five copper coins. This way, wouldn’t you be rich?”





Huo Yuhao’s eyes brightened, “Teacher Xiao Ya, this really is a good idea. I have Spirit Eyes so I can control the fire very accurately. Why don’t we try it tonight?”





Tang Ya continuously nodded her head and finally revealed her fox tail, “Then, I will prepare everything for you. When you start roasting your fish, give one to me to eat first. Don’t worry, I will also buy from you. As for materials in the future, you will need to go buy them yourself.”





Since that day she tasted Huo Yuhao’s roasted fish, she had never forgotten it. After her examination, she finally thought of a good plan to benefit them both. Of course, she did it without Beibei’s knowledge.





Seeing Tang Ya’s greedy look, Huo Yuhao had also understood. Smiling within, he said, “Okay, Teacher Xiao Ya. Then let’s meet here tonight?”





“Ok, ok. Then I will go back now. Oh yeah, let me tell you some good news. Beibei and I have successfully entered the fourth year!” Tang Ya waved to him and happily rushed off.





After eating a simple lunch, Huo Yuhao returned to the dormitory. Wang Dong wasn’t there. Who knows where he went. Zhou Yi had said that she will train them more in the afternoon. Using the afternoon break, he once again entered meditation to cultivate and also recover his energy.





The cultivation this time gave Huo Yuhao quite a big surprise. After the overbearing run in the morning, he found that, with a cycle of the Mysterious Heaven Skill, his spirit energy increased more than usual. Even though it was only a hint more, it was still very satisfying. He thought to himself, *It looks like the extreme workouts can actually positively affect my spirit energy cultivation.* Since his constitution was originally average, he should exercise more anyway. This double benefit was a great!





When Huo Yuhao woke up from meditation, he was shocked as he opened his eyes because he found Wang Dong sitting there watching him.





“You’ve returned? Let’s go to class then.” As he said this, Huo Yuhao jumped down from the bed to change shoes. After the experience in the morning, their relationship was obviously warmer.





Wang Dong said with a low voice, “Huo Yuhao, I have been very curious about your Battle Spirit. You saw mine today. Can you tell me what yours is?”





Huo Yuhao finished putting on his shoes and stood up, “My Battle Spirit is my own eyes. I call it Spirit Eyes. It’s of the mental attribute. I know what you’re wondering. My spirit ability is Mental Detection. So the reason you couldn’t hit me before was because my Mental Detection could predict your movements.”





Wang Dong finally understood, “So that’s why. I didn’t think you would have a body Battle Spirit. Let’s go. We can’t be late. I just went outside to ask around. It seems like our Teacher Zhou has the nickname of Perverted Old Hag. Rumor has it that she has expelled more students than any ten other teachers put together. To have this homeroom teacher is really our misfortune.”





Huo Yuhao smiled and shook his head, “It can’t be said like that. It’s true that Teacher Zhou is a little strict, but we should be striving for those standards ourselves, fulfill her expectations and it will be fine. Oh right, I saw your Battle Spirit but I still don’t know its name. I saw that you have a yellow and a purple ring too. How can your second spirit ring be a thousand-year?”





Wang Dong laughed, “To have a thousand-year second spirit ring is my secret. I can’t tell you. My Battle Spirit is the Bright Goddess Butterfly. One of the continent’s most beautiful butterflies that has become extinct. It’s even rarer to have it as a Battle Spirit than your body Battle Spirit. You will see its power in the future. Oh right, why did Teacher Zhou call you away today?”





The two had already left the dorm as they talked and was walking toward the academic building. Not only them but every student in class one was afraid to be late.





Huo Yuhao didn’t hide the fact that Teacher Zhou had taken him to see Teacher Fan Yu. There’s no reason to hide it so he told everything to Wang Dong.





“What? You can share your Mental Detection ability? Let me try it.” Wang Dong asked very eagerly. Everyone was still eleven or twelve years old, so they couldn’t hide their curiosity.





Helplessly, Huo Yuhao could only release his Mental Detection and Sharing to let Wang Dong experience it.





The thirty meter area around them suddenly became clear and data fed back to them. In an instant, Wang Dong turned a little sluggish. It was as if a blind person could suddenly see the world clearly. The shocking feeling was experienced by everyone who first came in contact with Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability.





Furthermore, under the continuous use, Huo Yuhao had become more skilled at controlling it. As he let Wang Dong experience it, he also remembered what Fan Yu had said before. He consciously altered his range to extend toward a single direction in order to gain coverage of a greater distance.





Huo Yuhao was not aware that as he became more focused, the pale gold in his eyes turned richer in color. The mental fluctuations he released also became stronger and retracted from all directions to face toward the front.





Wang Dong also felt the change in Mental Detection. He noticed that the images from his side and back all disappeared. Only the view from the front remained and the distance also became greater.





The couple of seconds of this alteration felt longer to Huo Yuhao than having Mental Detection active for a quarter of an hour. He could only feel his Spirit Power disappearing at a shocking speed. Even though it was only a short duration, bursts of weakness had already affected him.





His body shook and he grabbed onto Wang Dong’s arm to steady himself while also ending Mental Detection and Sharing.





“Huo Yuhao, are you okay?” said Wang Dong as he quickly stabilized Huo Yuhao.





Part 4





Huo Yuhao’s face was pale and cold sweat could be seen on his forehead, showing his weakened state.





Huo Yuhao waved toward Wang Dong to say that he was fine. “I just expended a little too much of my mental energy. Did you see how long my Mental Detection ability could reach when you were looking toward the front before?”





Wang Dong thought back a moment and said, “I wasn’t really paying attention. Maybe fifty to sixty meters. Your Mental Detection also disappeared in other directions while the front increased by about two times.”





Hearing this, Huo Yuhao’s exhaustion lessened greatly. “That’s great. It’s actually possible. Too bad I have to expend so much mental energy.”





To alter the perimeter of Mental Detection toward a single direction used more than ten times the amount of spirit energy he usually uses. That’s why he experienced mental exhaustion in such a short period of time. However, Huo Yuhao believed that if he practices this more, the energy expenditure will lessen and its effects will increase.





Teacher Fan Yu had said that when his Mental Detection reaches a hundred meters, he will take Huo Yuhao as a student.





After seeing the spirit guidance device’s power and hearing He Caitou’s explanation, he was even more interested in its miraculous existence.





Ten minutes before the afternoon class bell rang, all ninety-one students were already seated in silence. Not a single student dared make a noise. So it can be said that sometimes, having a strict teacher is not a bad thing. It can allow students to be more focused on learning.





Since they didn’t receive any seating arrangements, Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao sat together this time. The two eleven-year-old children gave the same sense of being in deep thought. Huo Yuhao was thinking about his previous experience altering his Mental Detection ability while no one knows what Wang Dong was thinking about.





When Zhou Yi walked into the classroom, the atmosphere became focused and Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong woke up from their thoughts. Even though not much time had passed, Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power level was little, so he could quickly recover and no longer felt weak.





“Everyone stand up and gather in the plaza.” Surprisingly, Zhou Yi only said this one line before turning around and leaving.





No one slacked and everyone quickly left the classroom in a quiet and orderly fashion behind Zhou Yi.





The students didn’t see that Zhou Yi’s eyes carried a hint of a smile. This strict and sometimes sadistic teacher was thinking that new students have some good points. At least they don’t have much character and are easy to control unlike those third year students who think they have accomplished something and are too proud to listen.





Unknowingly, someone had placed a pile of iron chains on Shrek Plaza. Under Zhou Yi’s orders, the students neatly stood there.





“Wang Dong.” Zhou Yi called.





“Here.” Wang Dong walked forward.





Zhou Yi said to all the students, “I had just looked at all of your entrance scores. After adding that to how you performed this morning, Wang Dong’s cultivation is the highest out of all of you. So, from this point on, he will be class one’s class president. This position can be obtained by any of you who can defeat him. Do you all understand?”





“Understood.” There were many strong male students whose eyes suddenly turned sharp as they looked at Wang Dong while the female students’ gazes suddenly turned soft.





Zhou Yi pointed to the pile of chains in front of her. “These are metal suits used to raise one’s constitution. There is one for each of you. After you put them on, start running around the plaza. Run from now until the bell rings. You can use your spirit energy but not any spirit abilities. You will be ranked by the number of laps you run. The last student will be expelled.”





“There is one point I will emphasize. In my class, people are not only expelled during examinations, but at any time. Today, ninety-one students will become ninety. You may begin.”





As she talked, Zhou Yi flicked the tip of her foot and a heavy metal suit flew in front of Wang Dong. He quickly caught it and put it on.





When he finished, his face couldn’t help but change. This metal suit weighed at least thirty kilograms!





Hearing that the last will be expelled, the students didn’t hesitate but all ran to put on their metal suits. The male students were okay, but after the female students put on these heavy metal suits, most had lost their composure.





Zhou Yi coldly said, “I know that there are some of you who want to say that this isn’t fair because there are natural differences between the bodies of males and females, Tool Spirit Masters and Beast Spirit Masters, and differences in one’s innate conditions. But I will tell you that within my class, everyone is equal. Think for yourselves, if this were a battlefield then would the enemy let you live because you are a woman or if you are a Tool Spirit Master? Now begin. Run laps.”





No matter how much these students insulted Zhou Yi in their hearts, not a single one dared to speak out. Under Wang Dong’s lead, everyone rushed to the edge of the plaza to start running with the heavy suits.





Since no one wanted to get expelled, everyone ran with fervor from the beginning, unlike in the morning.





Wang Dong stayed in the front. Be it Battle Spirit or Spirit Power, he was the strongest within this group of students. Even though he was wearing the metal suit, his speed didn’t decrease at all.





The few male students who had wanted to surpass him also rushed ahead and stayed right behind him.





Huo Yuhao didn’t increase his speed. He knew his body’s condition very well. Zhou Yi had said that they must run until the bell rings, but there was another two hours until it rings. This was only the beginning. The goal he set for himself was to keep running until the end of class, but not compete with others in terms of speed.





This way, when he started running, he was obviously much slower than many others. Seeing others pass him, Huo Yuhao was not anxious at all but continued his steady run forward.





After only two laps, Huo Yuhao had already fallen to the last. Even the female students had all surpassed him. However, he didn’t seem to mind at all.





By the time he completed four laps, Wang Dong had already ran an entire lap more than him. When Wang Dong passed Huo Yuhao, he gave a surprised look.





Huo Yuhao nodded toward him casually and gave him a smile.





Zhou Yi stood expressionless on the plaza watching everyone run without anyone knowing what she was thinking about.





Chapter 11 – The Weakest Class President

Part 1





By the time Huo Yuhao was soaked with sweat and had started his tenth lap, Wang Dong was already ahead of him by three laps. Other students had all surpassed him by a lap, too. Many even threw scornful glances at him since they knew he was the weakest in cultivation.





But, at this time, the students at the front started slowing down. The more time passed, the more the effects of the metal suits started showing. Even Wang Dong had a sweaty face.





The first few male students who were closely following Wang Dong had now fallen behind and even been surpassed by the students who were at the back.





Drops of sweat started to wet the ground. By the time half an hour had passed, a weak-looking girl yelled out and collapsed on the ground. She tried to crawl up, but couldn’t do it no matter what.





Wang Dong was next to her at that moment and pulled her up easily while giving her a questioning glance. The female student shook her head and sat back on the plaza, refusing to get up again. She was so tired that she didn’t even have the energy to speak.





Where there is a first, there will be a second. Maybe it was because people thought Huo Yuhao would be the last; many students tried to keep going but did not have a strong enough determination.





Shouldering the heavy metal suit while running was a big burden. Especially when everyone ran with their highest speeds in the beginning. Most had quickly expended all their Spirit Power. To endure this with their bodies alone was a bit too much for these young children.





By the time an hour had passed, almost half of the students were collapsed on the ground. Zhou Yi continued standing there, expressionless, and did not urge them to continue.





Huo Yuhao was also reaching his limit. Even though he had carried on at a steady pace and he expended comparatively less energy, his Spirit Power was still the weakest and his constitution was not that great, either. To endure for this long was already an accomplishment. Counting by the number of laps, he was no longer last place since he had been running for so long.





Everything in front of him started to turn black, and a ball of flames seemed to burn within his chest. His mouth felt dry and his body felt uncomfortable from the stickiness of sweat. The heavy metal suit rubbed against his uniform, causing waves of burning pain.





*I can’t, I can’t hold on anymore.* A constant voice repeated within Huo Yuhao as he circulated Spirit Power into his Spirit Eyes.





A cool breeze came over from his Spirit Eyes and made him slightly more awake.





*No, I can’t fall like this. I need to hold on.* Seeing that there were still many students running and remembering how much his cultivation was able to improve after exhausting himself in the morning, Huo Yuhao bit the tip of his tongue to clear his mind and kept running.





Just at this time, he suddenly felt a warmness coming from his lower abdomen. Even though he had exhausted most of his Spirit Power, this warm feeling somehow circulated toward his limbs and relieved his soreness.





This…..





The power of the Mysterious Heaven Skill?





Huo Yuhao quickly identified the source of the warm current. When cultivating the Mysterious Heaven Skill, energy would gather in the lower abdomen. Even though he had not practiced it for long, he still had some Spirit Power foundation. After converting his Spirit Power to Mysterious Heaven Skill, he had completed the first level of the skill.





Both Elder Brother and the Daydream Iceworm had said that the Mysterious Heaven Skill really suited him and could nourish his vessels. Is this the moment it is showing its usefulness?





As he wondered, Huo Yuhao’s consciousness felt the cultivation of the Mysterious Heaven Skill and the warmth from his abdomen move through his vessels.





Huo Yuhao noticed that there was a faint hint of Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power. As he cultivated, the power slipped through his vessels, which explained the reason for the warmth.





What shocked him even more was that his own vessels greedily absorbed the Spirit Power and alleviated his fatigue.





Although his body isn’t good, Huo Yuhao was very smart. For the Mysterious Heaven Skill to be absorbed by his body under extreme conditions meant that he could circulate the skill even while moving. It doesn’t have to be during meditation. There are still some differences in circulating under these conditions and normal ones. The rise in his Spirit Power is not great but it can be better combined with his body.





With this discovery, Huo Yuhao quickly gathered his attentions to circulate his Mysterious Heaven Skill as he slowly ran.





The Tang Clan’s Mysterious Heaven Skill was something that the founder, Tang San, brought to this world. From its origin, it did not belong to the Douluo continent. However, it was a high level cultivation technique that could also improve one’s body.





Huo Yuhao just accidentally created a new way to cultivate without having to meditate. Under this cultivation method, Mysterious Heaven Skill’s main effect became a way to nourish the body using Spirit Power.





Since he could recover during the circulation of the Mysterious Heaven Skill, he created a miraculous cycle to cultivate while moving.





Huo Yuhao didn’t know that even the founder of the Tang Clan could not achieve this because Tang San naturally had unrivaled advantages. However, Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was weak which allowed his body to reach this limit. He also had strong mental power and a Battle Spirit that could detect and utilize this new discovery.





The Tang Clan had produced countless elites, but none had the same qualifications as Huo Yuhao. Since they were already strong, of course their bodies would never reach this limit and they wouldn’t try to explore the faint warmness in their abdomen. It can be said that the Mysterious Heaven Skill experienced an evolution in Huo Yuhao’s body.





With this warm feeling’s adjustment, Huo Yuhao’s exhausted body could experience some recovery. Not only did it reaffirm his will, but allowed him to focus more on guiding this force.





The warm feeling followed the route of the Mysterious Heaven Skill. When it reached the end of a cycle, the hint of warmness would become almost completely exhausted. But just then, the cycle would finish and the warmness would suddenly become stronger and continue.





Even though his body became more tired, Huo Yuhao was becoming more excited. For the Mysterious Heaven Skill to nourish him under these conditions was what he needed the most! The vessels that he had to be careful with in the past gained elasticity and even widened. Where the warmness passed, a never before felt smoothness told Huo Yuhao that he was doing the right thing.





Around Shrek Plaza, more and more students had collapsed. Even the ones at the very front could not endure much longer. Sounds of the metal suits hitting the ground could be heard occasionally.





Part 2





Wang Dong passed Huo Yuhao once again. By now, he was struggling to move forward. But he was shocked to discover that Huo Yuhao had both eyes tightly closed leaving only a strip open. Inside, faint golden light flowed. Huo Yuhao’s steps were very slow but he still gradually moved forward. Many students with higher cultivation than him had already collapsed but he was still struggling to keep going. Each step he took would leave a water print from his sweat.





“If you’re at your limit then don’t force yourself.” Wang Dong said with a low voice before continuing ahead. By the number of laps, he was far ahead of everyone but his body was also reaching the limit.





After another half hour, the time to when the bell rings was drawing closer. There where only nine students left running around the plaza. The one who was last in the beginning, Huo Yuhao, was one of them.





Zhou Yi had paid attention to Huo Yuhao this entire time. When an hour had passed, she began to be surprised. With her estimation of Huo Yuhao’s constitution and Spirit Power, he should have reached his limit. However, he was able to keep going. Even though he controlled his speed well, which gave him an advantage, his natural limits should have still prevented him from going so far!





Can a person’s determination really achieve this much? And he is so young, too.





“Plop, plop…” Two more students fell. Their falls created a domino effect and many more fell after them. One of them touched Wang Dong who was passing by.





Wang Dong staggered. His sore legs could hold on no more and he also sat on the ground. His determination crumbled in an instant. He had already run the most laps and it was impossible for anyone to surpass him.





Now, including Huo Yuhao, there were three left.





After another five minutes, the other two students fell to the ground. In the end, only the weakest student, Huo Yuhao, was left on the field. Even though his steps were faltering and he could not go any faster, he still kept moving; even when everyone else had already fallen. This made many students look at him with surprise.





Truthfully, Huo Yuhao had already reached his limit. The Mysterious Heaven Skill may have been able to nourish his body and lessen his exhaustion, but it did not make him stronger.





Hitting his limit again and again, he would clench his teeth and keep going. Huo Yuhao knew very well that in this class, he was the weakest. If he wants to stay, he will have to give two hundred or even three hundred percent of their efforts. But training at his limit was also able to widen his vessels and increase his Spirit Power. No matter what, he wanted to endure a bit longer.





*Endure, endure.* Huo Yuhao constantly screamed in his heart. By now, he had even exhausted the Spirit Power to send to his Spirit Eyes in order to clear his mind.





Faintly, he sounded out the words to help him endure.





“Mom, mom….” For his mother’s will. For one day when he can officially carry his mother’s remains out of that place. For one day when he can wash off his mother’s humiliation. For revenge. No matter what, he must endure.





Bang! Bang! Huo Yuhao’s steps became extremely heavy and his legs and body shook uncontrollably. However, he did not give up. Even in this extreme situation, he still repeatedly raised and moved his feet.





Gradually, the hint of mockery disappeared from the eyes of the students that had already given up. The power of a model is significant. They all started to get up one by one, staring at Huo Yuhao’s persistence.





It took a moment for Wang Dong to realize what was happening. Then he ran up to Huo Yuhao; this time following him instead of passing by him.





With the lead of Wang Dong, there was gradually a second person, then a third person… Slowly the entire class returned to the tracks, running with their already stiffened legs.





Zhou Yi was moved. Since she became a teacher, she was rarely moved by the performance of her students. However, this time she was really moved by Huo Yuhao and the ninety students who joined him. This was no longer a simple exercise for their bodies, but also for their minds. From the faces of the eleven or twelve years old children, Zhou Yi saw persistence overcome fatigue.





This lesson was much better than she had anticipated.





“Ring Ring~”





The bell finally rang.





Crash! Crash! This time it was exactly like dominoes. The metal suits crashed onto the ground, causing a series of clanking sounds. The falling students also made clouds of dust rise into the air.





Hu Yuhao fell down at last. The bell gave him a happy ending to his persistence. However, he did not fall instantly to the ground. Instead, Wang Dong grabbed his metal suit from behind. Both of them rolled down together with heavy breathing that could be heard.





Tilting his head to look at the sky, Huo Yuhao’s eyes momentarily went dark but his vessels were warm with comfort. The Spirit Power within his body was completely depleted and he was also physically exhausted. However, his vessels brought him comfort and he sensed that there should have been great improvements in all aspects within him.





Wang Dong fell next to Huo Yuhao. Although he was much higher in cultivation and physically stronger, he was also too tired to move.





“I really don’t know what kind of power can sustain you till now. All you have is a ten-year spirit ring, and yet, you were more persistent than a grandmaster level Spirit Master like me. Such a weirdo.”





Zhou Yi slowly took a deep breath and waved to the distance. A white-clothed man flew over. With just a few taps on the ground, he arrived next to her. He nodded his head and turned towards the students.





Numerous dazzling spirit rings rose from under his feet. Two yellow, two purple, three black; there were seven of them!





Spirit Saint! He turned out to be a Spirit Saint greater than level seventy. Within Spirit Masters, he was almost at the peak. Judging from the way he looked, he couldn’t have been much over thirty. Yet the vicissitudes of life showing in his eyes did not quite match his young appearance.





As he raised both hands, a soft shade of green began to come out of his palms. The seventh ring filled the space with streams of black light. He quickly turned and the lights disappeared. Green leaves grew with lightning speed. Within seconds, the seventh ring turned into a huge tree.





There almost seemed to be a breeze passing by. Leaves flew out from the huge canopy. Exactly ninety-one leaves gently fell on the ninety-one students.





Part 3





Everyone felt an incomparable coolness. This coolness spread to the entire body and quickly healed both sore muscles and wounds on the skin made by friction against the metal suit. Even their strength was recovering little by little. The only thing unaffected was their Spirit Power.





Wang Dong’s cultivation was the highest, so he recovered the fastest. Sitting up, he looked at the towering tree and sucked in a breath of cool air, “This… this is one of the pinnacles of plant type Battle Spirits, the Tree of Life! A level seventy Battle Spirit true body. Teacher Zhou actually found us a level seventy plus Plant Spirit Master to help us recover.”





Jade-colored light shrouded the area. After releasing ninety-one leaves, the towering tree quickly retracted and turned back into the white-clothed man. He nodded toward Zhou Yi, and Zhou Yi respectfully bowed back to him. Like when he came, he disappeared with the wind. From start to finish, he didn’t say a single word to Zhou Yi.





The students got up from the ground. Even though they were still exhausted, they felt an unspeakable pleasure after overcoming the limits of their bodies.





Huo Yuhao also recovered from his half-dazed state. When he felt the nourishment of that spirit ability, a cool feeling made his muscle soreness disappear and his vessels were still filled with the warmness of the Mysterious Heaven Skill. With the power of ice and fire, he felt an immense comfort that he had never felt since he awakened his Battle Spirit at the age of six.





Supporting himself, he managed to get up. His entire body was soiled but his pair of Spirit Eyes became brighter. Unconsciously, he started to circulate his Spirit Power along the route of the Mysterious Heaven Skill. He could actually still do it. It was imperceptibly nourishing his vessels without being in meditation and did not use up any of his Spirit Power. As the Mysterious Heaven Skill’s energy passed by a nourished vessel, some bit would return to the meridian. It also continued circulating after a cycle was finished.





Zhou Yi watched as the students got up and said faintly, “I need to say that you guys gave me a surprising answer today. So, no one will be expelled.”





With these words, the students couldn’t help but celebrate, especially those who had run the least number of laps.





Zhou Yi said, “You all should thank Huo Yuhao. Originally, I was already prepared to give you guys punishment. My task was for you to run until the end-of-class bell rang and then calculate the number of laps. However, other than Huo Yuhao, none of you were able to run from start to finish. But, seeing that you all were able to gain some passion from his motivation, I will not give you any punishment. Wang Dong come forward.”





“Teacher.” Wang Dong stepped forward.





Zhou Yi faintly said, “As class president, you only cared about yourself and did not act as a good role model. From now on, I will strip your position as class president and let Huo Yuhao take over. Before the next physical training session, Huo Yuhao is class one’s class president. If anyone wants to challenge him, then Wang Dong will substitute him to take the challenge.”





Hearing Zhou Yi’s words, Wang Dong was somewhat taken aback.





Zhou Yi said coldly, “What? Do you disagree?”





Wang Dong just realized now and shook his head with force, “No, Teacher Zhou. I accept it wholeheartedly.”





Zhou Yi shook her head, “Class dismissed. Everyone take your metal suits back. Tomorrow, other teachers will give you theory classes. I suggest that you all to meditate well and use today’s training session to gain a better understanding and increase your potential. Tomorrow afternoon will be my class again. At that time, I don’t want to see any trash.”





“Yes.” The students answered. They did not scatter, but gathered toward Huo Yuhao and lifted him up.





To these youngsters, excitement and joy were very straightforward. Because of Huo Yuhao, no one was expelled. Even more, they all avoided punishment. In this moment, Huo Yuhao was their hero.





Furthermore, after experiencing this painful physical training class, Zhou Yi brought over a miraculous plant type Spirit Saint to help them recover and they clearly felt the immense power of a high level Spirit Master. Their bodily pains disappeared and it also lessened their ill-will toward this Teacher Zhou.





They were rowdy for more than ten minutes, until other students were also dismissed, before stopping to go back to their dorms to clean up. The way they looked was really a bit too pitiful.





What these ninety-one students didn’t know was that because of this first lesson, they have already started to form a sense of camaraderie. To have camaraderie when the class was only formed a day ago is, without doubt, due to Zhou Yi’s great guidance. Adding Huo Yuhao’s exemplary actions, class one had already come ahead, and Huo Yuhao became the weakest class president.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong went back to their room, wearing the metal suits. To wash themselves, they need to go to the restrooms at the two sides of the hallway. Wang Dong let Huo Yuhao go first, and only got a basin of water to wash himself in the room.





At this time, Huo Yuhao was still deep in thought, considering his unique understanding of the Mysterious Heaven Skill. He didn’t think much else and went directly to wash his body without even stopping the Mysterious Heaven Skill circulating within him. However, he discovered that the continuous warm flow from before began to get weaker.





*Why? Is it because my body recovered?* Huo Yuhao did not understand. By the time he had finished washing himself, he had managed to guess some of the reasons. The warm flow seems to only appear when his entire store of Spirit Power is used up and when his body reaches extreme exhaustion. Now that his body had recovered and his Spirit Power was also in recovery, the warm flow can no longer be generated.





If I knew that earlier then I shouldn’t have tried to recover. Huo Yuhao thought helplessly. That way, it might have been even better for his vessels.





However, the teacher left the metal suits for us. Later, I can try more. Thinking about it, he couldn’t help but get excited again.





“Huo Yuhao.” Just then, a voice called out and brought him back from his excitement.





Huo Yuhao privately said, “Damn, how did I forget about her,” and quickly called out into the hallway, “Teacher Xiao Ya, I am coming out.” Afterwards, he quickly rushed into the dorm room, planning to change into a new uniform set.





Because he was rushed, he forgot to knock on the door before entering. When he pushed the door open and entered, he couldn’t help but stare blankly…





He saw a shining white light and…. a figure.





Under the not wide, but smooth and round, shoulder, his waist curved in a gentle arc until it reached the hips; under which existed a longer than normal, slim, straight thigh. Nothing was exaggerated due to age. There were also droplets of water flowing down white, crystal clear skin. The visual impact was really too powerful.





Part 4





“Ahh!” A sharp voice yelled out in surprise. Right after, everything in front of Huo Yuhao’s eyes turned into a dazzling blue.





A pair of humongous wings abruptly opened and he saw the golden colored rings on it starting to glow. The royal blue wings also turned into a blue-purplish color. Fierce waves of Spirit Power burst out and swallowed him.





Fortunately, the wave like Spirit Power stopped after a while.





“What are you doing? Why didn’t you knock?” Wang Dong said angrily. When the blue light disappeared, Huo Yuhao saw that he had already put on a set of school uniform. Rushing over, he didn’t harm Huo Yuhao because Huo Yuhao had just finished washing as well and was only wearing underwear, revealing a clean, smooth body. However, there was a great difference between his skin and Wang Dong’s. His bronze skin glowed with a healthy color, but far from from Wang Dong’s attractive white skin…





“I…, there is someone calling for me outside. I’m in a hurry. Sorry!” Huo Yuhao didn’t know why, but his heart was beating really hard. After rushing to his bed to grab another clean uniform set, he immediately turned and ran.





Wang Dong stood there blankly and did not try to stop him. Only after Huo Yuhao left did he come back to his senses with changing colors of red and white on his face.





Hurrying out of the dorm, Huo Yuhao finally calmed down a bit. What he saw before continuously replayed in his mind. Especially those slightly raised hips….





*What am I thinking?* Huo Yuhao chided himself and quickly turned his attention to think about the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





Suddenly his ear hurt and Huo Yuhao painfully screamed, “Oww!”





Tang Ya’s playfully angry voice sounded, “You still know to come out? I have been waiting for a while.”





Huo Yuhao pitifully responded, “Teacher Xiao Ya, let me go first. I sweat a lot during our physical training and I came out right after washing up.”





Tang Ya finally released him. Seeing Huo Yuhao’s pale face, she frowned, “Did that perverted hag trouble you guys? You should be careful. She has always been strict. If you fall into her hands, even if you don’t die, you’ll lose a layer of skin. So how are you? Is your body okay? If not, then forget about it. We can do this tomorrow.”





Huo Yuhao quickly shook his head, “Teacher Xiao Ya, I’m fine. Let’s go.” Today’s training made him realize the importance of good nutrition. The warmness of the Mysterious Heaven Skill had disappeared and been replaced by hunger. If he doesn’t have money, then how can he eat?





Tang Ya laughed merrily, “Then roast twenty herrings. I have prepared everything for you, so it won’t take long. It will definitely take less time than a job the academy can give you.”





“Teacher Xiao Ya, then where do we sell them?” Huo Yuhao asked.





Tang Ya obviously had everything planned, “The entrance to the academy, of course! The main gate of Shrek Academy is also the east gate of Shrek City. There are a lot of vendors outside of the east gate so they don’t care if students do business there. We will go there. With your skills at roasting fish, there is no fear of not selling out. Even if you don’t sell out, we can eat it ourselves.”





Huo Yuhao followed Tang Ya directly out of the academy. Right outside, Huo Yuhao was shocked by the number of peddlers gathered to the sides of the main road leading out of the east gate. There were people selling everything, most selling different types of food. Shouts of peddlers filled the ear. Obviously, they gathered here in order to do business with the students from Shrek Academy.





Tang Ya obviously could not wait much longer. Taking up an area close to the gate that even extended a bit into the main road, she took out everything she had prepared beforehand.





She really did prepare everything. There was a professionally made metal oven, metal racks, different spices, and cleaned herrings. She quickly set everything up and even obtained a small table.





Huo Yuhao helped her set up the oven and couldn’t help but smile inside. Teacher Xiao Ya had a very low resistance to good food.





Tang Ya also brought out some charcoal, “Okay, my task is complete. The rest is up to you. I will go buy some other things to eat first. Remember, two of these fish belong to me. Selling them for five bronze coins should be enough. Later, when you need more materials, just go find the auntie in your cafeteria.”





After saying this, she ran off with excitement.





Huo Yuhao first checked the spices then started treating the herrings. There really was a lot of spices. Tang Ya put in a lot of thought and even obtained some basil. Huo Yuhao minced the basil then mixed it with other spices, before putting everything into each herring’s belly and skewering the fish with bamboo sticks.





The lesson today gave him a lot of new insights. He wanted to hurry back to cultivate more and not waste extra time here.





Starting a fire was easy. After only a short while, the oven was filled with a lot of red, burning charcoal. The oven was pretty big so he could roast four fish at the same time. He immediately started roasting.





One has to say, Huo Yuhao’s skills in roasting fish really were special. After a short time, a thick aroma started spreading out. This was much more effective than advertising. Not only the students from the academy, but even the surrounding peddlers couldn’t help but look toward him with curiosity.





“Little brother, how much are you selling the roasted fish for?” A male student wearing a yellow uniform walked over to ask.





Huo Yuhao answered politely, “Senior, five bronze coins per roast fish.”





The student was straightforward, “It smells pretty good. Let me try one.” As he said this, he handed Huo Yuhao five bronze coins.





This was the first time Huo Yuhao succeeded in a trade and he was very excited. Taking the bronze coins, he became more serious in roasting the fish. Activating his recently recovered Spirit Power, he watched the heat of the fire with his Spirit Detection.





When there is one person asking, there will naturally be others. But it was the first time Huo Yuhao had appeared here. Even though it smelled nice, no one knew how it will taste. The surrounding people all seemed to be Shrek Academy students recently dismissed from class.





When Huo Yuhao handed a freshly roasted fish to the student with the yellow uniform, everyone’s gaze fell on him.





Chapter 12 – Xu Sanshi And Jiang Nannan

Part 1





Roasted to golden yellow and faintly covered by flowing oil, a thick aroma continuously spread from the fish’s belly. When the fish touched teeth, a “kaka” sound could be heard. The skin was roasted to crispiness, but without being a single bit burnt. Under the crispy skin was the meat that completely soaked up all of the delicious spices.





After only one bite, the student with the yellow uniform could only stare straight. Not bearing to pause to praise it, he finished the entire fish in another few bites.





The surrounding students immediately understood. The first batch of fish was instantly bought out. His sales also directly went to twenty bronze coins, which is equal to two silver coins.





Those four roasted fish were able to bring him a great reputation in a short time. Since he was near the academy gate and a lot of people passed by, his table was quickly surrounded by so many that not even water would have been able to flow through.





“So delicious. Really, so delicious.” The first student to have bought a roasted fish was finally able to squeeze back in, “Junior, give me another three. I’m having my entire dinner here at your place.”





Another student, a year older than him, coldly told him, “Get back in line.”





Huo Yuhao didn’t think that his roasted fish business could be this good. He said to the surround students apologetically, “Seniors, today is the first day I’m starting this business. I can only sell eighteen roasted fish. I had already sold four and there are fourteen more. Going by first come first serve, those who will not be able to buy any today, please come back tomorrow.”





As he said this, he received money from the students in the front, putting them directly into his Twenty-four Moonlight Bridges belt. By selling eighteen fish, he had already received nine silver coins. Subtracting costs and money to buy more material tomorrow, he should have enough to eat. Huo Yuhao was not greedy at all. He clearly understood that the most important thing to him now is cultivation. As long as he spends frugally, it should be enough.





Fish after fish came out of the oven. Huo Yuhao cooked with focus and did not lower his quality. Every student who received a roasted fish was satisfied. There were even people who wanted to preorder for tomorrow. Huo Yuhao had to convince them that he can only do it according to the order in the line. No matter what, the roasted fish will taste best right when they come out of the oven. If someone came late, then the taste might not be as good.





Right then, a group of female students wearing purple uniforms walked out of Shrek Academy’s gate. The one in the front attracted numerous gazes.





She looked to be only fourteen or fifteen. She had a slender and well-proportioned body, with golden hair flowing behind her head. Her skin was like snow, her eyes like clear water that possessed a graceful quality as she looked around. Her face was like jade, like a newly filled moon, like snow around a flowering tree, with tender looks, a relaxed voice, a delicate temperament and beauty beyond comparison. Her presence seemed to make the colors around her dull.





“Sister Nan, it smells so good. What is it?” Asked a curious girl standing next to the exquisite beauty. Her looks were also quite good but it was impossible for a firefly to shine next to a full moon.





The exquisite beauty also smelled the sweet aroma and the girls looked over to Huo Yuhao’s stand.





Maybe it was because the leading girl’s beauty was too compelling, but the students originally surrounding Huo Yuhao’s stand actually opened up a path for her and the few girls behind her to walk forward. Seeing everyone stand aside for her, the exquisite beauty did not act proudly but smiled warmly and nodded toward the students who gave way. All those who saw her smile couldn’t help but blush with excitement.





Seeing the stunning girl’s face, Huo Yuhao also blanked. Before, the most beautiful girl he had seen was Tang Ya. But the girl wearing the purple uniform in front of him did not lack against Tang Ya in any way, but further had a gentle and genial temperament. Adding a melancholy that cannot be erased from her brows, anyone would care for her. Compared to her, Tang Ya is a cheerful optimist. As for appearance, it would have to depend on the eye of the beholder.





“Junior, how much for a roasted fish?” The exquisite beauty softly asked.





By now, Huo Yuhao had just finished selling all eighteen of his roasted fish. There were only two left in the oven, reserved for Tang Ya.





“Senior, five bronze coins each.”





The exquisite beauty frowned, “That is a little expensive. Considering costs and your effort, it should be worth three bronze coins at most. You would still make money.”





Huo Yuhao paused. He didn’t think that this beauty would actually try to bargain with him. Not a single student before had tried to do this.





“Sorry, but I will not change the price. Also, I have already sold everything today.” Huo Yuhao responded calmly. The price was set by Tang Ya so he would not change it easily. Even more, this income was important for him.





The exquisite beauty paused as well and apologized, “Sorry. I just casually calculated it. If there is a chance in the future, I will try it.” As she said this, she turned to leave.





Huo Yuhao could distinctly feel that the atmosphere around him wasn’t good. The previously warm students now looked at him with anger.





“Kid, you dare to not sell?” A deep voice filled with anger suddenly rang out. Right after, a gold light flew toward Huo Yuhao like lightning.





Ding! That golden light accurately hit the oven and was even embedded into it. It was a gold coin. Right after, a figure strode forward, passing the exquisite beauty, to the front of Huo Yuhao’s stand, to grab the two roasted fish in the oven.





Because he needed to monitor the oven’s temperature, Huo Yuhao had continuously kept his Spirit Eyes active. When the deep voice sounded, he felt an immense pressure come forward and subconsciously released his Mental Detection skill.





The hand reaching forward to grab the fish was fast, but Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection ability could predict its movements. He managed to grab the two roasted fish first and step back. These were left for Tang Ya. How can he let another take them?





When the large hand didn’t get the roasted fish, it extended into the oven and ended up grabbing some charcoal instead.





Then, Huo Yuhao saw the person’s appearance.





This person wore a black uniform. He was actually a sixth-year student. His age appeared similar to Beibei’s. He was big, comparable to He Caitou. He had thick eyebrows and a tiger’s eyes with a straight nose and square mouth. Overall, he had a proper look. His fair skin was flushed with anger and his face, with some hints of baby fat, looked very threatening.





Part 2





“Kid, you wanna die?” The black-clothed young man said with anger and crushed the charcoal in his hand. Specks of fire flew, but he didn’t seem to feel the burn at all. Swinging his right foot, Huo Yuhao’s oven was kicked away. At the same time, his large hand grabbed toward Huo Yuhao’s chest.





Under Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection, he realized that this youth was not only aggressive, but also powerful. Even though it was a simple grab and Huo Yuhao could see a way out, his cultivation was too low for him to escape and ended up being grabbed.





“He.” The black-clothed young man raised his right hand and lifted Huo Yuhao up. At the same time, he swung his left hand and snatched away the two roasted fish from Huo Yuhao.





From the time the black-clothed young man appeared to this moment, the process was so swift that most surrounding observers had not realized what was happening until now.





Suddenly, two voices sounded at the same time.





“What are you doing?”





“Stop.”





The first who spoke out was the exquisite beauty. Her face was also filled with anger. The latter had charged forward like lightning and slapped straight toward the black-clothed young man.





The young man had not thought that anyone would dare attack him and was not prepared to defend. With one hand grabbing on to Huo Yuhao and another with roasted fish, to defend would require him to let one go.





He chose to let go of Huo Yuhao. With a flick of his wrist, Huo Yuhao flew away. Lowering his right hand to block, the two palms collided.





Puff! Two bodies shuddered and both backed up by a step. Neither had gained an advantage.





The person who came was none other than the eldest disciple of the Tang Clan, Beibei.





After being thrown away, Huo Yuhao’s body rotated twice in the air until a figure appeared next to him and guided him as he smoothly landed on his feet.





Tang Ya was obviously the person who was helping Huo Yuhao. At that instant, her pretty face was filled with rage.





“Xu Sanshi, you dare to bully my people! I will personally take care of you!” Just as she was speaking, Tang Ya raised her right hand and a golden light flew towards Xu Sanshi.





The black-clothed youth waved his right hand and a wave of aggressive black light showed up that seemed to almost sweep away the golden light. Yet, a surprising scene occurred, and the little golden light suddenly sparkled and drilled into the deep blackness. It disappeared into the body of the back-clothed youth.





The black-clothed youth’s body shook violently, his eyes also stagnated for a second. Then, anger flared out within his eyes as three spirit rings suddenly rose from his feet. Two yellow and one purple. His pale skin suddenly darkened, muscles tightened, and his whole body seemed to grow larger. The strangest part was that in his right hand, there was a black turtle shell shield about one and a half meters in diameter.





Huo Yuhao was using his Mental Detection and could clearly feel the Spirit Power from the Battle Spirit of the black-clothed youth. The sense of danger was not less than Thunderbolt Beibei.





“Tang Ya, don’t think that I can’t do anything to you just because you have Beibei’s protection,” the black-clothed youth said with anger clearly showing in his eyes.





Tang Ya chuckled coldly, “Come for me then. I’m not afraid of you.”





Beibei said calmly, “Xu Sanshi, you bullied my little brother. You must give me an explanation of what happened today. Or else, let’s take it to the arena.”





Xu Sanshi was slightly shocked and pointed at Huo yuhao, “He’s your little brother?”





Beibei nodded without showing any expression.





Xu Sanshi responded coldly, “So what? He didn’t give any face to Jiang Nanan. That means he didn’t give me face either. It was only two roasted fish and I paid for it, too.”





Tang Ya said angrily, “Those were left for me. Beibei, don’t waste your breath. Beat him. Beat him so hard that he won’t even be able to live independently. Afterwards, I’ll let you kiss me.”





Originally, Beibei’s face was extremely stern. Hearing the inciteful words from the little witch, Tang Ya, his face suddenly twitched.





Xu Sanshi spat out, “Your Xiao Ya is still so out of line. It’s been awhile since we fought, why not step onto the Spirit Battle Arena? Let’s go!”





He turned without pause as he said this. Walking to the exquisite beauty, Jiang Nannan, his anger filled face suddenly became gentle. He handed the two roasted fish forward and softly said, “Nanan, you can eat first. I’ll be back soon.”





However, Jiang Nanan was not too grateful. She was nice to everyone, but to Xu Sanshi, she was as cold as ice, “Xu Sanshi, I had told you many times before that there will never be anything between us. Please, stop bothering me in the future.” Finishing these words, she turned and left.





Embarrassment could be seen on Xu Sanshi’s face. He straightened his back and angrily looked at the crowd. “What are you guys looking at?! Everyone leave. Beibei, let’s go!” Xu Sanshi walked toward the school and threw the fish toward Huo Yuhao.





Tang Ya caught the fish elegantly before Huo Yuhao did and took a bite. She grabbed Huo Yuhao and said, “Let’s go see.”





The Spirit Battle Arena is one of the most important places in Shrek Academy. It was located in the northwest corner of the school, near the Spirit Guidance District. This was also a frequently visited place for the higher level students. Here, the students can carry out various competitions with a specific teacher to act as referee. The teacher would be responsible for determining the outcome, providing protection, first aid, and other necessary functions. Of course, the students must provide payment to enter.





One battle requires at least ten gold coins. However, many students participate during their time at the school, simply because there are no rules when fighting in the arena. There were also no dangers since the teacher would take care of everything. Furthermore, the winner will receive a certain number of credits that can be used during level testing.





In order to level up after grade four, spirit battle credits are needed. For example, one needs at least ten wins in battle against students with the same experience to rise from grade four to grade five. Rising from five to six requires even more. From grade six, spirit battle credits are even more important for entering the inner school.





Competitions in the Spirit Battle Arena are open to all students. Of course, payment is necessary with each ticket, costing one silver coin.





What surprised Huo Yuhao was that this battle between Beibei and Xu Sanshi attracted so many students. Almost all the students, no matter their grade level, who witnessed what happened at the academy gate came to watch the battle.





Part 3





“Teacher Xiao Ya, the academy really knows how to make money!” Exclaimed Huo Yuhao after hearing Tang Ya’s simple explanation about the Spirit Battle Arena.





Tang Ya said, “Of course they do. To run an academy this big requires large expenditures. If they don’t think of ways to make money, then what would they use to support it? However, Shrek City also receives a lot of taxes. Anyway, our academy is the richest one on the continent. Oh yeah, Xiao Yuhao, your fish roasting skills have gotten better. Or maybe it was because of my good spices. It’s so delicious.”





Tang Ya had already finished the roasted fish before even reaching the Spirit Battle Arena. Huo Yuhao had been hungry since earlier. When they passed by the cafeteria, he went in to buy some dinner. By the time he and Tang Ya reached the Spirit Battle Arena, there were already a lot of people and countless more coming.





Tang Ya handed over two silver coins and brought Huo Yuhao into the Spirit Battle Arena. The field had six edges and was around the same size as Shrek Plaza. The center was empty, obviously for students to compete in. Surrounding it were circles of ascending chairs. It should be able to fit around three thousand people at once.





At the moment, two to three hundred people were seated around the field. Huo Yuhao and Tang Ya came pretty early and were able to sit in the very front row. The center field was completely empty. No one knew where Beibei and Xu Sanshi went.





Tang Ya knew that Huo Yuhao didn’t know the rules and explained to him, “The Spirit Battle Arena opens after school everyday until midnight. To compete, students must first register and pay a fee. If both sides are famous students in the academy, then the academy would relay the fight to each dorm through a spirit guided speaker to allow more people to experience the fight. The school only takes half of the profits from students, while the other half goes toward the winner. Your elder brother has already made quite a bit of money from this. Furthermore, that Xu Sanshi is a fifth year student and he just entered fourth year. This counts as an above level challenge. If Xu Sanshi loses, he will also have to give up a gold coin. Your elder brother and Xu Sanshi are famous students in the academy and they are both hailed as geniuses. There will probably be more than five hundred people observing today.”





Huo Yuhao asked, “Then who is that Jiang Nannan?”





Tang Ya knocked Huo Yuhao on the head, “Such a young age and you already know to look at pretty girls. Hmph!”





Huo Yuhao hurt and didn’t dare to ask again. He opened his lunch box and started eating dinner.





Seeing his orderly attitude, Tang Ya couldn’t help but smile, “Fine, I’ll tell you. That Jiang Nannan has the nickname of the academy’s number one beauty. She came from a common family and treats everyone with kindness. She has a lot of fans in the academy. Do you think she is prettier than me?”





Huo Yuhao quickly shook his head.





Tang Ya said with pleasure, “Of course. I didn’t think she was better than me either. Hmph. That Xu Sanshi has a powerful variant Battle Spirit called Mystic Deep Turtle. It has both water and earth attributes and possesses a very strong defensive power, known as impregnable. His cultivation is similar to Beibei’s and both possess top level Beast Battle Spirits. Don’t worry, I had already got your revenge. Before, I hit him with a Dragon Whisker Needle. It should hurt him quite a bit. It’s fine if he chases after Jiang Nannan, but not if he dares to hurt my people. It’s actually pretty weird. That Jiang Nannan must have some problems with her interests. There are many exceptional male students chasing her but I have never heard of her showing any interest. She would warmly decline everyone except Xu Sanshi, toward whom she responds with coldness. Maybe Xu Sanshi took advantage of her before. These spectators are really innocent! They only know that Beibei and Xu Sanshi have the reputation of having the most powerful offense and the other having the most powerful defense but don’t know they already know each other. I’m guessing that they created a trap to get money this time. That’s why they came straight to the Spirit Battle Arena.”





Huo Yuhao was surprised, “Elder Brother knows Xu Sanshi?”





Tang Ya nodded, “Xiao Yuaho, don’t worry. Even though they know each other, your elder brother will still give him troubles. He won’t let you be bullied without consequences.”





Spirit Battle Arena, Resting Room.





“Beibei, your Xiao Ya is so brutal. Look, look…” Xu Sanshi’s face was filled with resentment as he lifted his shirt. There was a bulge the size of a toddler’s fist on the right side of his waist. Only by continuously releasing Spirit Power could he keep it in check by hardening the surrounding skin.





Beibei snorted, “Too bad. Who let you bully my little brother. Don’t waste your breath. Give me a Mystic Water Pill and I will remove this Dragon Whisker Needle. Otherwise, you can wait and cut off a layer of meat. This Dragon Whisker Needle was left by our Tang Clan’s founder. It is only passed down through the clan’s masters. Tang Ya really got angry this time.”





“That kid was really part of your Tang Clan? I didn’t see any potential from him! Don’t even think about a Mystic Water Pill. Hurry up, I can’t keep releasing Spirit Power forever. This Dragon Whisker Needle is too evil. It hurts so much and wastes Spirit Power. Unintentionally, I saw Tang Ya’s true nature. So depressing.”





Beibei lifted his head up, “Then it’s up to you. You can give it or not. But you hit my little brother and destroyed his stand. Have fun slowly enduring the Dragon Whisker Needle. The match will start soon. I doubt you can fight against me with the needle in you.”





Xu Sanshi snorted with anger, “Fine. Beibei, just you wait. See how I will fix you up on the field. I won’t show any mercy.”





Beibei smiled, “You think I need any mercy from you?” As he said this, he extended his right hand and gestured toward Xu Sanshi.





Xu Sanshi reluctantly brought out a delicate little white jade bottle and threw it toward Beibei. Beibei caught it. “Thank you very much. Retract your Battle Spirit. I will help you remove the Dragon Whisker Needle.”





Xu Sanshi slowly returned his Battle Spirit. Without the limiting effects of his Battle Spirit, waves of sharp pain rose from where the Dragon Whisker Needle stabbed into him. With his cultivation and mental fortitude, he couldn’t help but start trembling uncontrollably.





Beibei quickly pointed toward the wound with his right hand. After, he moved both of his hands and softly released Spirit Power to continuously inject it into Xu Sanshi’s muscles. He moved very intricately and every finger contained a different amount of Spirit Power. After a short while, a very thin but strong golden strand slowly came out of Xu Sanshi.





Beibei lightly waved and the golden strand jumped out, immediately shrinking to the size of a grain of rice. He turned his wrist and retrieved it.





Xu Sanshi was breathing heavily and his face was still full of rage. “Beibei, you take advantage of people too much. It’s not like you don’t know how valuable that Mystic Water Pill is. How about this, let’s make a bet. If I win this fight, you return the Mystic Water Pill to me.”





Part 4





Beibei laughed casually, “And if you lose?”





Xu Sanshi snorted, “I’ll give you a thousand gold coins.”





Beibei shook his head, “No. The Mystic Water Pill is worth more than a thousand gold coins. I won’t bet if it’s not equal.”





Xu Sanshi said with rage, “I only have this much money. If you don’t agree then I’ll really get mad.”





Beibei sighed lightly, “Do you think I lack money or something? Fine, I’ll give you a chance. I know you have more Mystic Water Pills. Just take out another one as the stakes.”





Xu Sanshi’s eyes revealed a hint of suspicion, “I feel like I might have fallen into your plans. Looks like you have confidence winning?”





Beibei’s face still carried a warm smile, “You were the one who wanted to bet, not me. You can choose not to. Also, if you lose, don’t babble to me.”





Xu Sanshi snorted, “Me lose? Even if I might not win against you, don’t think you can win easily against me. What if we tie?”





Beibei didn’t get fooled, “Then we each take what we have and return. Hurry up. You’re acting like a woman.”





Xu Sanshi bit down on his teeth, “Fine, I’ll bet with you. You bastard. Even though you’re not as strong as me, you are a nasty trickster. I probably just fell into your trap. But I accept it. If worse comes to worst, I’ll just get another beating from my dad when I go back home.”





Beibei’s face still carried a smile. Xu Sanshi focused very hard on trying to see any changes in his attitude but he didn’t succeed.





“You! Even though you are not stupid, you always go retarded when it has to do with Jiang Nanan. Don’t you know that you were probably enemies in the previous life? That Jiang Nannan may be beautiful but there are many other outstanding girls in the academy. Why do you have to go carrying on this unrequited love for a single flower?”





Xu Sanshi snapped, “Don’t say it as if you’re not in the same situation yourself. If you’re so good then why don’t you let me have Tang Ya?”





Beibei stood up. “You should quickly adjust your condition so you won’t be bitter when you lose. I’m going out first.” As he said this, he was already walking outside.





Just like Tang Ya expected, more students gathered in the Spirit Battle Arena. From a glance, there was at least four hundred students at the moment. Gathering five hundred at the end should be a piece of cake.





“Huo Yuhao.” An angry voice startled Huo Yuhao. He turned around and saw the well-dressed Wang Dong walking over threateningly.





“Why are you here?” Huo Yuhao asked guiltily. As he saw Wang Dong, his mind immediately recalled the previous scene.





Wang Dong’s face turned shades of red and white. He sat down next to Huo Yuhao and asked in a low voice, “Say, what did you see?”





Huo Yuhao was somewhat taken aback and said, “Ah? I didn’t see anything!”





Wang Dong said angrily, “Next time if you don’t knock, I will murder you.”





Huo Yuhao knew that he was wrong but his voice still carried resistance, “We’re all men. So what if I saw you? It’s not like you suffered a loss.”





“What did you say?” Wang Dong was in rage and extended his hand to grab Huo Yuhao.





A long cultivated palm came forward and slapped Wang Dong’s hand away. Tang Ya’s voice rang out, “Xiao Yuhao, you haven’t introduced us yet.”





Wang Dong finally realized Tang Ya’s existence. Seeing Tang Ya’s exquisite face, he paused but quickly recovered to normal. He sighed and sit up straight, ignoring Huo Yuhao. Actually, after Huo Yuhao ran off, he quickly put on his clothes but couldn’t find Huo Yuhao. He wanted to meditate but couldn’t calm his heart. Just then, he heard the speakers in the dormitory and decided to come relax. He didn’t think that he would meet Huo Yuhao and Tang Ya here.





Huo Yuhao responded, “Teacher Xiao Ya, this is my roommate Wang Dong. Wang Dong, this is Tang Ya, our senior.” He could only introduce them like this.





Wang Dong nodded toward Tang Ya and Tang Ya smiled. “What a beautiful little prince! I like you. Xiao Yuhao, how about you convince him to join our Tang Clan as well?”





Hearing the words Tang Clan, Wang Dong’s body shook with surprise, “You’re part of Tang Clan?”





Tang Ya nodded a few times, “Yes. Tang Clan only has three of us right now. I am the current generation Tang Clan Master. How about it, aren’t you shocked? Come join us. Tang Clan welcomes you.”





She was actually just saying it casually. Even though she usually behaved loud and silly, those who thought she was dumb would end up being taken advantage of. She had seen that Wang Dong was not common and that he was restraining his essence and Spirit Power. Looking at cultivation, he was far above Huo Yuhao.





However, what surprised Tang Ya was that, after a short pause, he actually nodded. “Okay! I had heard the myths concerning Tang Clan’s hidden weapons. Master, I wish to join Tang Clan. Please accept me.”





“What? You really want to join Tang Clan? There are only three of us left.” Tang Ya was greatly shocked and looked at Wang Dong with confusion.





Wang Dong nodded seriously, “I wish to join Tang Clan to study hidden weapons.”





Tang Ya’s face suddenly became serious, “I will consider this. Later, Huo Yuhao will tell you my answer.”





During the time they were talking, Beibei had stepped onto the field from the resting room. Just as he appeared, there were already spectating students shouting his name.





“Thunderbolt Beibei, Thunderbolt Beibei…..”





Beibei smiled and waved toward the spectating students while searching along the observation decks.





Tang Ya stood up and waved to him. Beibei finally saw them. Since they were far, it would be impossible to talk, but he gestured to Tang Ya.





The two had been together for a while. Tang Ya immediately returned a few gestures showing that she understood before sitting back down.





“Xiao Yuhao, how far can you extend your Mental Detection and Sharing ability?” Tang Ya whispered to Huo Yuhao.





“If it’s in a single direction, around fifty meters.”





He had just tested his range in a single direction with Wang Dong. If it were with normal usage, then he can only reach thirty meters in diameter. That is to say, he would only be able to detect fifteen meters in each direction. So fifty meters is more than double his normal limit. However, it will also exhaust a lot of Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power.





Tang Ya immediately raised her right hand and signaled with a hand gesture to Beibei. Beibei nodded back.





Xu Sanshi also entered the Spirit Battle Arena then. Coming out with him was a teacher in his forties.





Inside the Spirit Battle Arena, Xu Sanshi and Beibei resumed her conflicting attitudes. This wasn’t the first time they fought. In previous battles, both had wins but mostly ties. Using this spirit battle competition, they had made a lot of money so of course they couldn’t easily reveal their close relationship.





The teacher referee stepped to the center of the field and said with a deep voice, “Fourth-year Beibei challenges fifth-year Xu Sanshi. If Xu Sanshi loses, he will have to pay ten gold coins. You two have also made private bets. Are you ready?”





Beibei and Xu Sanshi nodded toward the referee.





Chapter 13 – Mystic Water Pill

Part 1





“Begin,” declared the referee before he rapidly retreated. Beibei and Xu Sanshi released their Battle Spirits at the same time.





The noisy Spirit Battle Arena suddenly turned silent. Everyone’s eyes were focused on the two figures standing in the center. As stars in the outer school of Shrek Academy, every fight between Beibei and Xu Sanshi were soul stirring. Students loved to watch their fights the most. Privately, many students had made bets.





Blue lightning focused, and Beibei’s right arm quickly expanded. With the coiling blue light, the Blue-Lightning Tyrant Dragon Battle Spirit was released.





On the other side, Xu Sanshi did not show a sign of weakness. His body swelled and his uniform tightened. A huge turtle shell shield appeared in his right hand.





The two slowly stepped toward the side while watching each other with sharp eyes; dense Spirit Power constantly rising, blue on one side, black on the other. Distinctly in different areas.





On the surface, they were evenly matched opponents, both above level thirty Spirit Elders with three spirit rings. From their Battle Spirits, Beibei was obviously a brute force type Spirit Elder, and Xu Sanshi, with a shield, was probably a defense type Spirit Elder.





One is the strongest attacking Battle Spirit, Blue-Lightning Tyrant Dragon. The other is the powerful defensive variant Battle Spirit, Mystic Deep Turtle. It’s hard to say who will come out ahead.





Wang Dong seemed to have forgotten his problem with Huo Yuhao and focused his attention on the two in the center without making another sound. Huo Yuhao was the same. Their emotions were closely tied to the two Spirit Elders in the arena.





After Beibei released his Battle Spirit, his gentle attitude turned sharp while Xu Sanshi’s impulsivity lessened and became as steady as a mountain.





Just as Xu Sanshi slowly stepped to the spot closest to Huo Yuhao’s observation deck, Beibei suddenly yelled out and charged forward like a flash of blue lightning.





Xu Sanshi’s heart slightly froze, he didn’t reveal any openings and this wasn’t an opportunity! When did Beibei became so aggressive?





Even though he thought so in his heart, he did not dare to neglect it. He was more than aware of the explosive power of Beibei’s attack.





When Beibei reached around five meters in front of Xu Sanshi, he suddenly jumped up. His scale-covered, muscular arm directly headed toward Xu Sanshi’s head with blue-purple lightning coiled around his dragon’s claw and the threat of releasing a spirit ability at any time.





Xu Sanshi did not get flustered, but stepped back with his left foot and slightly bent his body with the shield in his right hand, blocking in front, so that his entire body was protected. At the same time, pitch-black Spirit Power leaked out of the turtle shield; forming a black light that protected his body within.





Boom! Beibei’s dragon claw fiercely smacked onto that heavy, black turtle shield. Their bodies shook at the same time. Beibei paused and fell toward the ground while Xu Sanshi’s body slid back a meter.





Xu Sanshi’s first hundred-year yellow ring brightened and the pitch-black light suddenly darkened while releasing a powerful black glow, covering more than ten square meters like a huge hood expanding out. As he released this, there was a rumbling roar.





Mystic Deep Tremor. Xu Sanshi’s first spirit ability.





This was an area wide push back skill that also had a stunning effect. If the enemy’s cultivation was lower than his, then his opponent would be pushed back and stunned. It would at least create some distance.





However, Xu Sanshi could not predict Beibei’s decision.





Just as he released this first spirit ability, Beibei’s second and third spirit rings also brightened.





The first flash was from the thousand-year third ring. The purple spirit ring’s glow expanded and a deep roar suddenly exploded from Beibei’s body. His entire body was completely covered by the light of his blue-purple lightning. The scales on his right arm quickly spread over his body and covered his right chest as well. His entire aura suddenly soared.





Wrath of Thunder.





Right after was the flash of his second spirit ring. Rays of thick electrical snakes instantly burst out, with Beibei’s body as the center.





With this second and third spirit ability combination, even Xu Sanshi’s reputable defense ability, Mystic Deep Tremor, could not push Beibei away.





The black hood was forcefully ripped open and Beibei ignored that black current’s assault as he squeezed inside.





Even under shock, Xu Sanshi did not slow down at all. His second and third spirit rings brightened one after another. He was more than familiar with Beibei’s abilities. With great confidence in his defense, even if he couldn’t be sure to win against Beibei, if he just continued defending, Beibei would never win against him!





However, just as he released his second and third spirit abilities, his brain felt like it had been pierced and his focus became fuzzy. His two spirit abilities paused for a second and couldn’t be released immediately.





Beibei’s body suddenly looked illusionary. Tang Clan, Ghost-Shadow Elusive Steps. His body was slightly crouched and his entire person seemed to be sliding along the ground. His right claw clung on to the bottom of the turtle shield. At the same time, his body slipped to the side and he went behind the turtle shield.





Xu Sanshi had no time to release his spirit abilities. Letting Beibei circle around to the back of the shield had ordained his tragedy.





Beibei’s right leg directly stepped on Xu Sanshi’s calf. Roaring Thunder immediately rushed out with the support of Wrath of Lightning. Right after, Xu Sanshi’s body could only shiver in place. Beibei’s huge dragon claw dug directly into his shoulder. The outcome was apparent.





The match was faster than anyone had imagined. There were many who didn’t even see the entire course of events before Beibei had already bypassed Xu Sanshi’s turtle shield defense and beat his opponent for victory.





“Beibei wins.” The referee declared without stopping Beibei from dropping Xu Sanshi directly on the ground.





After withdrawing the lightning, Xu Sanshi’s body quickly stopped shivering since his natural resistance was quite powerful. But his voice still stammered, “You. You cheated.” He definitely wasn’t responsible for releasing his spirit abilities half a step slow. However, he didn’t know what kind of trick Beibei had used. Also, the fact that Beibei had managed to find the weakest point in his total defense perplexed him greatly.





Part 2





“Who said I cheated? You lost the bet. Now, hand over the Mystic Water Pill.” Bebei smiled and used his dragon claw to inject a little more of his lightning energy into Xu Sanshi and made him shake.





How could Xu Sanshi have known that to help Beibei win against him, there was another who had fainted on the observation decks?





That’s right. When Xu Sanshi was trying to release his second and third spirit abilities, Huo Yuhao used Purple Demon Eye along with Soul Assault to attack his mind. Even though Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was not strong, combining these two abilities created an attack that could slow the entire body’s Spirit Power release which made Xu Sanshi lose.





There was around thirty meters between Huo Yuhao and Xu Sanshi, perfectly within the range of his Soul Assault.





Not only this, but while using the ability, Huo Yuhao was also using Mental Detection and Sharing to help Beibei find Xu Sanshi’s weak point.





That short instant was Huo Yuhao’s highest point after becoming a Spirit Master. He continuously used three spirit abilities, plus Purple Demon Eye, to turn around a close fight.





Turning back time to before the match started, Beibei and Tang Ya had communicated with hand gestures for Tang Ya to ask for Huo Yuhao’s support. After Tang Ya told Beibei the range of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability, Bebei made the decision to suddenly charge forward even when Xu Sanshi did not show any opportunities for an attack.





This win should be attributed to both Beibei and Huo Yuaho.





Other than Tang Ya and Beibei, only Wang Dong could feel what was going on. Even though Huo Yuhao did not let his spirit ring rise from his feet when using his spirit abilities, it was impossible to hide the waves of Spirit Power from Wang Dong, sitting next to him.





Wang Dong clearly saw that a pale gold color appeared in Huo Yuhao’s eyes; then the color suddenly deepened before a purple light flashed out. Right after, Huo Yuhao’s body tilted against Wang Dong.





While Wang Dong reflexively held on to Huo Yuhao, the fight within the arena was already over.





“What, what is wrong with him?” Wang Dong said with shock.





Seeing Huo Yuhao fall down, Tang Ya was also greatly surprised and quickly checked Huo Yuhao’s condition before releasing a breath, “He overdrafted his Spirit Power. No problem. Let’s go.” It was better to leave early after having done a bad thing. Furthermore, Tang Ya was wondering, how can Xiao Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability have such a powerful effect? Beibei had originally only wanted his help to gain the initiative!





Beibei and Xu Sanshi had equal cultivations. The one who gains the initiative would have a higher chance of winning. But, somehow, it actually ended with a single attack.





Huo Yuhao was really too exhausted. After a whole day of physical training, then using multiple mental abilities, the overdraft this time made him faint. He wouldn’t be waking up for a while. This was also a way for the body to protect itself.





Tang Ya and Wang Dong shouldered Huo Yuhao back to the dormitory. When they reached the entrance, Beibei ran up. After using his Spirit Power to condition Huo Yuhao’s body, he brought out a little porcelain bottle. From the bottle, he drew out a medical pill and shoved it into Huo Yuhao’s mouth.





“Little brother, please take care of him.” Upperclassmen were not allowed to go into the freshman dormitory. This was a school regulation, so Beibei could only ask for Wang Dong’s help.





Wang Dong was dumbfounded. He came from a well-known family and had a vast amount of experience. He clearly saw the pill Beibei had just brought out.





It was a dark blue pill, around the size of a cherry. There were many white veins within it. After coming out of the porcelain bottle, faint layers of mist spread around the pill. It also carried a hint of a refreshing smell that hung in the air.





*Is that a Mystic Water Pill? No way.* Wang Dong was shocked.





No only him, but even the lazy-looking elder in front of the dormitory door also slightly opened his eyes before resuming his former condition.





Tang Ya told Wang Dong, “Little Prince, when Huo Yuhao awakens, tell him not to forget to sell fish tomorrow. I will prepare another set of what he had today.”





Beibei snapped, “All you know is to eat. You almost harmed Little Brother today.”





Tang Ya snorted, “Don’t be like that. I saw that you had an evil plan waiting behind Xu Sanshi. That guy was so stupid. He actually fell for it and gave you the chance.”





Beibei said innocently, “I just wanted to sleep when someone handed me a pillow. What can I do? I can only say that Little Brother had good luck. Come on, let’s go cultivate. I remember someone said that if I beat Xu Sanshi, she would let me kiss her. You have to keep your word.”





Tang Ya stuck out her tongue at him, “I said to beat him till he can’t live independently. Did you? Cultivate, cultivate!”





Wang Dong suddenly said, “Senior Tang Ya, please consider letting me join the Tang Clan.”





Tang Ya nodded and waved to him. Beibei revealed a thoughtful look and smiled at Wang Dong before turning away with Tang Ya.





Wang Dong helped Huo Yuhao back to the dorm and laid him on the bed. He was still thinking about the pill Beibei had given Huo Yuhao before. Lightly shaking his head, he gave a hard stare at Huo Yuhao. “He better be afraid of getting pricked for seeing what he shouldn’t have seen. He deserves to sleep on a hard wood bed.” As he said this, he jumped onto his own bed and started meditating. The physical training was also very effective for him.





Huo Yuhao had an especially sweet sleep. Since joining Tang Clan, he had continuously trained the Mysterious Heaven Skill. This was the first time since then that he slept in peace.





In his dream, he felt like he was soaking in a refreshing pool. That relaxing feeling made him moan.





After a short meditation, Wang Dong opened his eyes again and was surprised to see Huo Yuhao on the bed opposite of his. He woke after feeling heavy Spirit Power fluctuations in the air.





Sure enough, the heavy Spirit Power fluctuations came from Huo Yuhao’s body. In the darkness of the night, his body glowed with a faint blue light. Mist floated on the surface of his skin. A faint, sweet aroma also spread from within the mist.





Wang Dong jumped off of his bed and quietly squatted next to Huo Yuhao’s bed to see more clearly. He discovered that Huo Yuhao’s skin seemed to be fluctuating. With the fluctuation, hints of air were released from his pores. This was why he felt fluctuations in Spirit Power. The faint blue mist continuously flowed in then out. With time, the mist’s color deepened while the refreshing aroma faintly faded.





Part 3





“Mystic Water Pill. It really is a Mystic Water Pill, worth ten thousand gold. How can Beibei casually give him such a valuable pill! Maybe he took out the wrong one?” Wang Dong said to himself with shock.





After a brief surprise, Wang Dong went back to his bed. However, he suddenly thought of something and walked back to the edge of Huo Yuhao’s bed, showing a fist. He snorted, “Making me not be able to sleep when I have a bed. Hmph. Just you wait.” As he said this, he rolled up his covers and stored them into his personal spirit guidance storage device and left to go rest somewhere else.





A short while after Wang Dong left, the mist surrounding Huo Yuhao started spreading a stench instead of a refreshing aroma. The color also became deeper and Huo Yuhao’s breathing became calmer.





Huo Yuhao had the most wonderful sleep. He was woken up by a sticky feeling. Just as he regained his senses, he couldn’t help but sneeze loudly.





“Oh man, so smelly. What is this smell!” Huo Yuhao sat up thinking that it was Wang Dong’s fault.





However, when he opened his eyes and looked toward the opposite bed, he discovered it was completely empty. Wang Dong wasn’t even in the room.





The sky was still dark outside, but Huo Yuhao quickly discovered something wrong. He could see every fiber in the room, unaffected by the darkness.





His eyesight was capable of this before, but it required Spirit Power and the release of his Spirit Eyes. However, he wasn’t using his Battle Spirit now!





Lowering his head, he found the entire uniform on him had turned black. That disgusting smell was coming from the uniform. On areas without uniform, his skin also had a layer of filth. It felt as if he had fallen into filth, then been dragged here.





“Wang Dong doesn’t hate me this much right?” Huo Yuhao looked at himself, speechless. When he stood up, he noticed even the wooden bed was densely covered with a layer of filth.





What happened?





The smell on him and the bed was too disgusting. Huo Yuhao didn’t have time to think about it and flipped up from the bed to open the windows. Right after, he rushed out of the room, directly to the restroom.





The filth on his body had an oily feeling. Washing himself, plus cleaning the bed, and washing his clothes took half an hour.





By the time he was back on the wooden bed, Huo Yuhao was still a little out of it. *Oh, well. Whatever. I’ll know what happened when I ask Wang Dong tomorrow. I have already slept for more than half of the night and wasted a lot of time. Need to hurry up and meditate.*





As he was thinking, he got in a cross-legged sitting position and started to stimulate his internal Spirit Power to circulate along the route of the Mysterious Heaven Skill.





After three second, only three seconds, Huo Yuhao abruptly opened his eyes. His Spirit Eyes were wide open, full of confusion.





“I, am I dreaming?” Huo Yuhao paused for a moment before quickly closing his eyes again.





After another three seconds, he opened his eyes again. This time, his face was full of wild happiness.





Yes, something Huo Yuhao didn’t believe possible had happened. Just as he entered meditation, he felt a condition he had never experienced before. If his previous circulating speed was like the speed of a snail, then his present speed was at least that of a spider. His circulation speed had increased by three to five times. Also, his Spirit Power became stronger than before and flowed smoothly.





As he was circulating his Spirit Power, a powerful feeling spread through his body as if every vessel had been opened. It was a miraculous feeling. His limbs and bones had an itch as if they were all growing.





Huo Yuhao couldn’t wait to close his eyes tightly to stimulate Spirit Power movement again. The truth is, everything was real. Originally, it took half an hour to circulate his Spirit Power following the Mysterious Heaven Skill one cycle; but this time, Huo Yuhao only used four minutes. Also, his internal Spirit Power increased a few times more than before. It was no longer adding one strand at a time but more like a bundle at a time.





At the same time, by meditating, Huo Yuhao discovered a smoothness in his vessels he didn’t have before. The thin and fragile vessels had widened. It also had a natural elasticity that allowed for more Spirit Power to collide against it without danger.





*Within one night, was I reborn?*





The present Huo Yuhao did not want to think further. Since he was six, he had never felt such a significant increase. Now that he had grasped this feeling, he never wants to let it go. He circulated his energy continuously and its speed actually gradually increased. With the nourishment of the Mysterious Heaven Skill, his body once again gained that warm feeling.





Huo Yuhao didn’t know how many cycles he had finished when the sky brightened and the distant sky revealed a white light before he woke up from meditation.





Even after sitting cross-legged for half the night, his legs did not have any feeling of numbness. With only a slight movement, he had come in front of the window to absorb the purple qi from the far east. Huo Yuhao’s internal Spirit Power naturally circulated to his Spirit Eyes as he began cultivating Purple Demon Eye.





Everything seemed to have changed following his body’s alteration and Spirit Power’s increase. When he looked toward the purple qi in the east and started cultivating, Huo Yuhao realized that there seemed to be something that opened his mind. His Spirit Eyes gradually produced a formless suction that sucked all the purple qi up like how a whale sucks in water.





A warmness covered the surface of his eyes while the inside was cool. Huo Yuhao could feel his mental power formlessly expanding out, quickly reaching his former limit. It expanded until forty meters in diameter before stopping. There was also more of the purple glint within his eyes. Even his skin showed a layer of luster that made his essence, aura, and expression very different from yesterday.





Releasing the aggregated air with a long breath, he finished cultivating Purple Demon Eye. The surroundings became clearer. With a thought, he withdrew his Spirit Power and his Spirit Eyes returned to normal. Only, his pair of deep blue eyes shone more brightly.





Part 4





He knew that something had happened to his body. Or else, even if he cultivated for half a year, he still wouldn’t have experienced this tremendous increase.





As Huo Yuhao was filled with uncertainty, the room’s door opened.





Wang Dong peaked through the door to first sniff the room and confirm there were no weird smells before walking in, carrying his covers. He threw his bedding onto his bed and said to Huo Yuhao, “You’re lucky. Reborn with a new body while I couldn’t even sleep at home. Hmph. You can treat me to today’s breakfast.”





Huo Yuhao looked at him with suspicion, “Wang Dong, what happened? Why did I wake up with my body covered in filth and an increase in my cultivation? It really was like what you said; like being reborn with a new body.”





An old, gold bracelet flashed on Wang Dong’s wrist and a round, metal ball appeared in his hand, which he gave to Huo Yuhao.





“First, let’s see how much your Spirit Power increased. This spirit guidance device can measure Spirit Power from level ten to level thirty. Just inject your Spirit Power inside.”





“Oh.” Huo Yuhao answered and grabbed the metal ball, slowly injecting his Spirit Power.





The metal ball glowed with a layer of yellow light. After a moment, the faint light spread and a number started rising on the metal ball, stopping at eleven. Then, it suddenly jumped and turned to twelve. The yellow light continued to spread and the number twelve starting tremoring. Even after Huo Yuhao used all his force, he could not make that number jump again.





Wang Dong was surprised, “Worthy of the Mystic Water Pill! It actually allowed you to increase your Spirit Power by two levels in one night. You are already at the peak of level twelve and only one step away from level thirteen.”





Huo Yuhao’s eyes widened, “Are you serious? What is a Mystic Water Pill?”





Wang Dong grabbed the spirit guidance device back and snorted, “This object’s detection is very accurate. There’s no benefit for me to lie to you. Say, you should thank Senior Beibei. What is your relationship to him? He casually gave you a Mystic Water Pill worth ten thousand gold. I’m suspicious that maybe he handed you the wrong pill.”





Seeing Huo Yuhao’s confused face, Wang Dong explained, “The Mystic Water Pill is a very magical drug. Rumor has it, only one water attribute spirit clan can produce it. But I don’t know which clan. The pill refinement process probably requires tens of water attribute Spirit Beasts’ blood essences and many water attribute plants to successfully create it. Water has a cleansing ability. The Mystic Water Pill will not only greatly benefit your body but will also raise your Spirit Power. It is also very mild and Spirit Masters of any level can absorb its effects. It can raise the level of a Spirit Master below level twenty by at least one. However, its most valuable effect is to clean the vessels and meridians.





“What we usually wash off is the dirt on our skin’s surface. What the Mystic Water Pill washes is the waste within us. This pill is beneficial no matter who takes it. For Spirit Masters with great potential, it would help them increase their talent more. For common Spirit Masters, it is like delivering coal in the winter. It will help expel wastes and nourish the meridians. A single pill can at least help a common Spirit Master raise his innate Spirit Power level by one. That is to say, if your innate Spirit Power was one when you awakened, then after taking this pill, it will turn to two. This is a change in potential and body condition.”





What Wang Dong didn’t know was that this example was spot on. Huo Yuhao’s innate Spirit Power was exactly one!





However, Huo Yuhao could feel that after the Mystic Water Pill cleaned his vessels and meridians, that feeling of rebirth was not as simple as raising his innate Spirit Power by one level. His cultivation speed had also increased at least four times! Even though it was still incomparable to geniuses like Wang Dong or Beibei, it still meant that he was no longer a common Spirit Master. It would also be easier to cultivate in the future.





“Elder Brother…….”





Huo Yuhao’s eyes moistened. It was Elder Brother who gave him this Mystic Water Pill worth ten thousand gold! This kindness was deeply engraved in his heart.





Huo Yuhao had really good fortune. Wang Dong’s explanation was not wrong. Under normal conditions, the Mystic Water Pill would have had the benefits he said.





However, Huo Yuhao took the Mystic Water Pill at the perfect time. After an entire day’s training, his body had reached its limit. It was like he took the Mystic Water Pill right after preparing his body. Also, his Mysterious Heaven Skill’s understanding already smoothed his vessels and helped warm every part of his body.





Huo Yuhao had overdrafted his mind and he took in the Mystic Water Pill while in a coma. This way, he could not try to control the pill and all of its efficacy was brought out. Basically, the nourishing ability of the Mystic Water Pill was perfectly received by his body.





There is another important point. The Mystic Water Pill is of the water attribute and Huo Yuhao’s second Battle Spirit, given to him by the Daydream Iceworm, is also a form of water. This let him absorb the Mystic Water Pill with even more advantages.





Accompanying the changes in his body, the first of the ten immense aggregates of energy the Daydream Iceworm sealed into him had cracked a little and leaked out some energy that combined with his body. So, compared to Huo Yuhao’s increase in Spirit Power, the increase in his mental energy was even greater. This was why he could increase the range of his Mental Detection from thirty to forty meters.





It can be said that this Mystic Water Pill altered every aspect of Huo Yuhao’s body to create this huge change. It carried a tremendous benefit for his future cultivation. Even his Purple Demon Eye evolved.





The Purple Demon Eye has four realms: Perception, Attention, Intoxication, Immersion. Huo Yuhao uses Spirit Eyes to cultivate Purple Demon Eye so he only expends half the effort required. When the Mystic Water Pill stimulated the Daydream Iceworm’s source power, there was a siphoning effect by the source power on the purple qi when he was training Purple Demon Eye. This allowed Huo Yuhao’s Purple Demon Eye to skip a realm and directly enter the realm of Intoxication. It can be said to have even surpassed the speed of the fastest cultivator of Purple Demon Eye, the founder of the Tang Clan, Tang San.





Huo Yuhao still didn’t know that with the advancement of Purple Demon Eye, his control over all mental attribute skills had increased greatly as well. When controlling spirit abilities, he would use much less Spirit Power than before.





Seeing Huo Yuhao’s red eyes and dazed appearance, Wang Dong patted his shoulder and said, “Let’s go eat breakfast. I want to eat two servings today!”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “Okay. You can even eat four.”





Wang Dong stared, “You’re the pig, not me.” With these words, they laughed uncontrollably. Their awkwardness from last night also disappeared. At this innocent age, they could retain an innocent heart.





Chapter 14 – Daydream Points

Part 1





Before going to see Beibei and Xu Sanshi’s match with Tang Ya, Huo Yuhao had made some money, and he didn’t forget to dig out the gold coin from inside the oven. When he and Wang Dong arrived at the cafeteria, he had the feeling of being rich and powerful.





They had an exceptionally rich breakfast and greatly replenished their bodies. They arrived early; even by the time they finished, not many students had arrived yet.





“There is still some time until class starts, let’s go back to our dorm.” Huo Yuhao patted his full stomach and stretched himself with a face full of comfort.





From his arrival to Shrek Academy until now, he had slowly become more cheerful. Here, he finally had friends and furthermore, people who cared deeply about him like Teacher Xiao Ya and elder brother Beibei. It was so much better than the cold atmosphere in Duke’s Estate.





Wang Dong responded, “Forget about it. You want to go back to cultivate. If you stretch a string too hard, it will break. You should rest when you can. Let’s go walk along the Sea God Lake and relax a bit. The Mystic Water Pill helped your cultivation quite a bit. This short duration won’t matter.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao answered happily. It had been a few days since he entered the academy, but he still had not visited the Sea God Lake yet. They also had time before classes start, so they might as well go for a walk.





The two left the cafeteria and walked around the freshman academic building toward the east along the southern edge of Shrek Plaza. After a while they reached the lakeside trail.





Walking through the forest next to the trail, the sparkling Sea God Lake appeared before their eyes.





A wave of gentle vapor came toward, mixed with refreshing air. Even though the Sea God Lake was man made, its waters were extremely clean and the blue waters looked clear. On the brocade-like surface, layers of ripples flowed like a little girl winking. It also reflected the blue sky and white clouds on its surface, along with the green trees on the edges of the lake.





“So beautiful!” Wang Dong breathed in deeply and forcefully stretched his body.





When he stretched his body, his shirt naturally went up and revealed his perfect bottom. Huo Yuhao was definitely not purposely looking at it, but his gaze inadvertently swept over and he was reminded once again of the whiteness he saw yesterday……





He awkwardly turned his head to look toward the Sea God Lake. This lake covered an extremely large area that was probably bigger than the entire academic area. In the distance, there was also a layer of fog on the surface.





After his Purple Demon Eye’s evolution, his Spirit Eyes once again experienced a significant upgrade. Even without injecting Spirit Power, he could still see very far. He faintly saw that in the fog, there appeared to be a few buildings. He remembered Xiao Ya and Beibei’s description and thought privately, *That must be the inner school.*





Even though Elder Brother was so outstanding, he was still in the outer school. How powerful the students in the inner school must be!





“Huh?” Just as Huo Yuhao was wondering, he suddenly saw a red dot appeare within the fog.





“What is it?” Wang Dong asked with uncertainty.





Huo Yuhao pointed to the direction he was looking at, “Look. There seems to be a red dot.”





Wang Dong looked toward the direction Huo Yuhao was pointing at but only saw fog. “Where?” He questioned what Huo Yuhao said, but in the next moment, his eyes widened. He saw it too. What red dot, it was obviously a red figure running on the surface of the water with a shocking speed. Seeing how it was going, it was obviously rushing toward them.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong looked toward each other and exclaimed at the same time, “An inner school senior?”





The speed at which that red figure was moving was really shocking. In only a short while, it was already in the middle of the lake. Ripples spread each time the tip of a foot touched the surface. The figure borrowed the slight surface tension and unceasingly accelerated like a mass of red clouds quickly floating forward.





Now closer, Huo Yuhao could see even more clearly. That red figure not only had red clothes but even its hair was a blood red color. He had a slender body and released a biting pressure like a fearsome beast. There was also a red mask on his face. Even the eyes were red.





The air around his body was distorted and mist rose where his feet touched.





“This senior looks really powerful! Look, he could run on the lake even without releasing his Battle Spirit.” Wang Dong said toward Huo Yuhao with a face full of excitement.





Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was not as high as his but was more sensitive, “Wang Dong, I think something is wrong!”





That red figure was moving way too fast. During their short exchange, it was already within a hundred meters of the edge. A fearsome hotness suddenly surrounded them. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong suddenly showed dismay in their eyes. They realized at the same time that a mad aura erupted from the body of this upperclassman that was definitely not normal.





With a “shua” sound, blue wings opened on Wang Dong’s back. Grabbing Huo Yuhao, he wanted to fly into the sky. But with this movement, that red figure had already arrived in front of them.





The fearsome temperature extended. Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao felt as if they had been covered by a sea of fire. The wings on Wang Dong’s back suddenly curled and they fell onto the ground. The surrounding ten meters almost all instantly turned brown.





The difference in cultivation was way too great. Wang Dong still wanted to release his spirit ability but he had just stimulated his Spirit Power before being attacked by the heat and directly fainted.





Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was even lower than Wang Dong. However, never forget, he had a formless ice attribute Battle Spirit.





Stimulated by an external high temperature, this ice attribute Battle Spirit immediately erupted and Huo Yuhao’s level twelve Spirit Power was completely exhausted within a single second. Also, that red figure had started extending a big hand, slapping toward him.





Just the high temperature surrounding him was scary enough. If he gets slapped, wouldn’t he die a horrible, miserable death?





The last thing Huo Yuhao could do was activate Soul Assault. However, the difference between them was too big and his Soul Assault did not even go through the fire aura before disappearing. Looking forward, he was about to turn to ashes under the searing palm.





Just then, everything turned white in front of Huo Yuhao’s eyes and the surroundings became blurry.





Part 2





*Dead? Am I dead like this?* With the arrival of death, his heart was not unwilling because everything happened too suddenly. So now, he was at a loss.





The scene suddenly cleared and Huo Yuhao saw a miraculous scene. He saw himself…..





If Wang Dong was still awake then he would have seen an unparalleled, shocking scene.





At the instant when Huo Yuhao was about to be swallowed by the huge searing palm, the colors of his Spirit Eyes suddenly changed. Faint golden blue eyes suddenly turned white; white like ice formed over thousands of years.





A wave of extreme cold suddenly spread from Huo Yuhao’s body. It actually managed to dispel all the roaring heat in front. That fire red figure quickly stepped back.





When Huo Yuhao used his Spirit Eyes, the spirit ring that rose was white. But now, that white ring had turned an incomparable golden color. Its piercing golden glow was like the sunrise.





With Huo Yuhao’s body as center, a diameter of a hundred meters had turned into an ice world. Even the Sea God Lake had been frozen solid.





That red figure seemed to be shivering violently. A fearsome pressure constantly formed in the air. Huo Yuhao’s right arm slowly rose and pointed with his forefinger, which had turned icy blue some time before. His eyes shone with white light. A somber voice suddenly rang in the air.





“Who dares harm my chosen person? Who dares disturb my sleep? Go die.”





Pointing with his finger toward the front, an icy blue light flashed through the air and disappeared, flying straight toward that red figure.





The red figure’s surrounding temperature dropped sharply as Huo Yuhao’s body continued to spread the coldness. Maybe the red figure felt the impending danger. His body shook violently and a sudden loud shriek can be heard.





Just behind him, a huge phoenix rose along with six spirit rings: two yellow, two purple, and two black. A Spirit Emperor! The second, third and sixth spirit rings flashed at the same time. The fire raging behind him suddenly became a dark red color. A strand of flame, thin as a finger, came out of that fire phoenix’s mouth and collided with the icy blue light shooting out of Huo Yuhao’s finger.





Chi! Chi! A series of strange sounds rang out and the strand of flame crumbled instantly. The huge phoenix rushed forward and stood in front of the red figure.





In the violent roar, the fiery red figure was instantly covered by a layer of blue ice and fell into the Sea God Lake. A large amount of white vapors rose into the air.





Huo Yuhao wanted to chase after it but he paused as he heard a voice, “Annoying. Someone else is coming. Wow, this little guy’s constitution is improving so fast! Looks like I can give him a bit more power. Time to disappear.”





The golden light quickly faded along with the cold. The lake’s water also rapidly returned to its normal condition. Huo Yuhao’s white eyes also turned back to normal and he collapsed onto the ground.





The lakefront that was just a moment ago filled with fearsome Spirit Power suddenly became quiet. On the edge, there was only Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, fainted on the ground.





Far away, deep within the Sea God Lake, many shadows came with shocking speed. With a few blinks they were already at the edge of the lake.





“No good. Outer school students were injured.” The leader was an old man wearing white clothes. He suddenly appeared in the air as if he teleported and went to the side of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. Gesturing with his hands, their bodies floated.





“Good thing they only fainted. They didn’t receive any damage. Teacher Li, please treat them.”





“Yes.” Another white clothed, middle-aged man answered and quickly stepped forward. If Huo Yuhao or Wang Dong were awake, they would immediately realize that this Teacher Li was the one who had treated them with the Tree of Life Battle Spirit yesterday.





Releasing his spirit rings, green halos surrounded Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s bodies. A miraculous scene appeared. The withered plants in the surrounding area recovered with shocking speed. Vaguely, one can see that the vegetation surrounding the Sea God Lake all emitted a faint green glow toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong that diffused into their bodies.





“Xiao Tao is here.”





With the sound of water, a white-clothed man fished out the red-clothed figure.





The red-clothed person’s clothes were soaked and revealed a graceful figure. Seeing this view, the figure was actually a girl.





The white-clothed elder came next to her and rapidly infused her with Spirit Power.





“How strange!” He raised his brows as if he couldn’t understand something.





“Teacher Li, how are the conditions of those outer school students?” He turned his head toward the teacher treating Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





Teacher Li answered, “No problem. They should wake up soon.”





The white clothed elder let out a breath, “Fortunately, no harm resulted. Looks like Xiao Tao maintained a trace of consciousness. Teacher Li, take these two students back and advise them to forget what they saw. If it spreads, they will be expelled. Give them a good compensation. Let’s go back.”





The last few words were said to the others. He picked up the red-clothed girl and turned into a flash of white light toward the middle of the Sea God Lake.





When Huo Yuhao fainted, he could not longer see everything that had happened outside and obviously didn’t know what happened.





“You made Ge wake up so soon. So annoying!” The Daydream Iceworm’s voice rang out within his sea of consciousness.





Huo Yuhao blankly asked, “Daydream Ge, you helped out just now?”





Daydream answered, “Of course it was Ge. If not, you would have become a roasted stick. Her fire attribute was very strong. She actually had the godly beast phoenix within her blood. If not, Ge can kill her with a single finger. No matter, she probably lost her mind. Her fire was evil but Ge didn’t eat those ten-thousand-year ice essences for nothing. She is far from my power. Xiao Huo Yuhao, you have been cultivating smoothly. Your constitution grew quite a bit. I have started releasing the first seal out of ten that I left within your body.”





Part 3





“Is that true?” Huo Yuhao was overjoyed. Since arriving at Shrek Academy, he had realized how weak he was after seeing so many powerful individuals, and desired power even more. Unfortunately, his potential is not good and he could only make up for it by spending extra effort. Now, even the Daydream Iceworm had praised him. How could he not be happy?





The Daydream Iceworm said depressingly, “However, Ge used source energy just now. This power is the source of my consciousness. From another perspective, it is the intelligence residing within your spirit ring. This is the only way to protect your body and use my energy. Also, since your body experienced a shock, you will not be able to endure my power possessing your body again for at least a year. You need to be careful. If you meet another opponent you cannot resist then it will be over for both of us. Okay, let’s not talk anymore. I’m going back to sleep. Spend more effort. When you obtain your second spirit ring, you won’t have to bother Ge any more.”





Daydream Iceworm was always in a hurry each time he appeared. Huo Yuhao still had questions about controlling his spirit abilities but Daydream had already fallen into a deep sleep and everything darkened.





…..





Wang Dong woke first. Blinking his eyes, he saw the white-clothed, middle-aged man in front of him. Before he could say anything, Huo Yuhao made a sound to his side and also slowly opened both eyes.





Not knowing as much as Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong was at a loss and angrily said, “What happened just now? What was that monster?”





The white-clothed man faintly said, “You guys are fine now. Please forget what you saw earlier. If not, you will be expelled from the academy. Please, have these two items as compensation. I believe you are both smart people.” As he said this, he gave a green object each to Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





The two subconsciously held out their hands to receive it. That white-clothed man turned and went toward the Sea God Lake. “Time to go to class. Remember, forget everything you saw just now.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong looked at each other sluggishly.





“Huo Yuhao, what do you think is going on?” Wang Dong said with a low voice.





Huo Yuhao shook his head, “I don’t know either. Seems like we encountered a madman.”





Wang Dong looked down at the green object in his hand and suddenly paused. Right after, his face was filled with pleasant surprise, “Wow. So lucky. Spirit Ascension Pill. It’s actually a Spirit Ascension Pill.”





Huo Yuhao looked at the green thing in his hand with doubt. It was a green pill, the size of a walnut, with a refreshing smell. The surface was jade green, and crystal clear light flowed inside, filled with the breath of life.





“What is a Spirit Ascension Pill? Is it a drug like the Mystic Water Pill?” Huo Yuhao asked.





Wang Dong responded, “Yes! And it’s of the same level, too. Comparatively, the Mystic Water Pill is a bit more valuable because it has the ability to clean your meridians. However, for Spirit Masters above level thirty, the Spirit Ascension Pill is even better than the Mystic Water Pill. So, the values of these two pills are very similar. You should be careful with it. Rumor has it that it is very hard to create this pill. I can’t believe that teacher spent this much to keep our mouths shut. I will pretend as if I didn’t see anything before.”





Huo Yuhao said, “Please clarify a little. What does this Spirit Ascension Pill do?”





Wang Dong laughed, “I won’t tell you. Beg me to!” He immediately turned and ran toward the freshman academic building.





Huo Yuhao was speechless and carefully stored the Spirit Ascension Pill in his Twenty-Four Moonlight Bridges before chasing after Wang Dong. He yelled as he ran, “If you don’t tell me then I will go ask Elder Brother. He will definitely know. If you tell me now, I’ll treat you to lunch.”





Wang Dong slowed down and waited for him to catch up, “Then I want to eat something delicious.”





Huo Yuhao brought out his entire fortune and said, “Anyway, I’m an orphan without a home. This is my entire fortune. You can decide what to do with it.”





Wang Dong paused, “You, you’re an orphan?”





Huo Yuhao nodded.





“Then the reason you don’t even have bedding is not to focus on studying, but because you can’t afford to spend the money?”





“I feel like it’s more important to save money for food. The food in the cafeteria is very expensive.”





Wang Dong had unknowingly stopped moving and Huo Yuhao naturally stopped as well. “What are you doing? Class is about to start. We should be rushing there now.”





Wang Dong pursed his lips and looked at Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao was a little unnerved, “What are you doing? Did your brain get fried by that guy?”





Wang Dong breathed in deeply through his nose, then slowly exhaled. “Sorry, Huo Yuhao. I didn’t know you were an orphan. I shouldn’t have bullied you.”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “It’s not like you succeeded.”





Wang Dong was a little annoyed and slapped his shoulder, “Can you please not interrupt me when I’m moved by your circumstances? Let’s go to class. From now on, I’ll pay for your food expenses.”





Huo Yuhao shook his head, “You don’t need to do that. Teacher Xiao Ya thought of a way for me. From now on, I will go sell roast fish for a while after class. It should give me enough living expenses. I can treat you to roast fish tonight.”





As they talked, they started walking toward the academic building once again and Wang Dong explained the effects of the Spirit Ascension Pill.





The main effect of the Spirit Ascension Pill is to raise Spirit Power. It is a pill made of heavenly treasures. Each Spirit Master can only take one pill in their lifetime. The Spirit Power increase is equal to what a level thirty Spirit Master requires to raise to level thirty-one. Something to raise an entire Spirit Power level is what you can never have too much of! However, if you eat more than one, it can affect the body’s ability to cultivate further.





There are also similarities between the Spirit Ascension Pill and the Mystic Water Pill, because they both function by nourishing the body’s own capabilities. So, their effects are gentle. Any Spirit Master above level ten will be able to take them.





“Then if I eat it, how much will my Spirit Power increase?” Huo Yuhao asked probingly.





Wang Dong shook his head, “I don’t know. I have never heard of anyone willing to take a Spirit Ascension Pill so early on. There are very few Plant Spirit Masters capable of producing it, so the production rate is less than twenty a year. We are really lucky this time. Looks like the academy is fair. Even though that guy threatened our safety, we still gained something this good.”





Unlike Wang Dong, Huo Yuhao did not take on such a happy attitude because he knew that if it weren’t for the Daydream Iceworm, they would have turned into ashes a while ago. No drug would be able to do anything then.





Part 4





“Then, when do you think it would be the best time to take it?” Huo Yuhao asked.





Wang Dong responded, “Of course you should take it when you get back tonight. A good thing like this shouldn’t be kept. Also, it’s good to raise your Spirit Power early so you can reach level thirty faster. If I had a third spirit ring today, then I could have carried you and flown away without any problems.”





Huo Yuhao thought about it and decided to eat this Spirit Ascension Pill tonight. The stronger his Mysterious Heaven Skill, the better the effects of its nourishing ability within his vessels. It would also be a good thing to increase his Spirit Power. It’s a mystery how much Spirit Power this Spirit Ascension Pill will raise for him. Spirit Power equal to the amount from level thirty to thirty-one should at least allow him to raise two or three levels. If that is the case, then his cultivation would be around level fifteen, meeting the standards for entering Shrek Academy.





At this point, a fire suddenly flared within Huo Yuhao’s heart. Although he did not think he was inferior, he was still filled with a sense of danger. With his former potential, it would have been very difficult to pass the Freshmen Examination after three months. But the last two days of rapid progress gave him hope. No matter what, he wants to stay here.





Compared to the lesson given by Zhou Yi yesterday, the lesson today was very relaxing. Both morning and afternoon were filled with theory lessons. In the morning, it was about categories for Battle Spirits and in the afternoon, it was about limits concerning Spirit Beasts age.





Many students did not place much importance on these lessons because of their family backgrounds. Huo Yuhao was different and listened very carefully. Not only did he lack potential in cultivation, but also knowledge.





Wang Dong treated him to a good meal for lunch. Right after school, Tang Ya came.





“Let’s go, Xiao Yuhao. I prepared another set for you. Don’t worry this time since Teacher Xiao Ya will protect you today. Let’s see if any idiot dares to come bully you. Oh right, your elder brother told me to give you this. Take it when you get back tonight.”





As she said this, Tang Ya gave Huo Yuhao a porcelain bottle.





Wang Dong stared next to him. He saw this type of porcelain bottle yesterday! It was the same as the one Beibei retrieved the Mystic Water Pill from. The exact same.





This, this is another Mystic Water Pill? Mystic Water Pill differed from the Spirit Ascension Pill in that there are no limits for the number one can take. The first pill usually had the greatest effects and the following ones will gradually lower. After all, the waste within one’s body has a limit. The amount of Spirit Power it can increase is also not as much as the Spirit Ascension Pill.





“Teacher Xiao Ya, have you come to a conclusion about my request?” Wang Dong asked Tang Ya warmly.





Tang Ya laughed, “I have already discussed it with Beibei. Beibei said that if you can obtain number one in the class for the first examination, we will allow you to join our Tang Clan.”





“Okay. It’s a deal.” Wang Dong answered without the slightest hesitation. The benefits of the Tang Clan are too wonderful! Huo Yuhao had just received two Mystic Water Pills! Even though he is blessed with talent and the Mystic Water Pill won’t really benefit him, who knows what other good items the Tang Clan possesses? Also, the real reason he wanted to join the Tang Clan wasn’t even for these benefits.





Huo Yuhao received the porcelain bottle and placed it in his Twenty-Four Moonlight Bridges and didn’t ask what it was before following Tang Ya outside of the school.





Wang Dong quickly caught up, “I will go too. Huo Yuhao, no matter what, we’re still roommates. I will help your business first and buy two roast fish.”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “Let me treat you then.”





Wang Dong shook his head, “That’s not good. Friends are friends. Business is business. I don’t need you to treat me. I’ll buy it myself.” As he spoke, he took out a single coin and forcefully placed it in Huo Yuhao’s hand.





At first he did it to help Huo Yuhao but when the three of them walked out of the academy, Wang Dong realized that he actually gained an advantage.





Outside of the school gates, there were more than thirty people waiting for Huo Yuhao to come sell his roast fish. The most eye-catching were the two who fought yesterday in the Spirit Battle Arena, Beibei and Xu Sanshi.





Seeing Xu Sanshi, Huo Yuhao blanked a moment. Tang Ya immediately stood out, “What, still not satisfied? Want me to fight with you in the arena today?”





Xu Sanshi snapped, “You? Save it. I won’t hit girls. Don’t butt in. I came here today to buy roast fish, not to cause trouble. Don’t you see I’m first in line?”





Hearing him say this, Tang Ya’s face slowly relaxed and she moodily said, “Buying for Jiang Nannan?”





“Yes.” Xu Sanshi nodded.





Tang Ya teased, “I didn’t realize you were such a romantic. Too bad she doesn’t like you.”





Xu Sanshi angrily said, “Tang Ya, don’t mess with me! Your Beibei tricked me so badly yesterday and I didn’t even try to find you guys to settle it.”





Tang Ya stuck out her tongue and turned to Huo Yuhao, “Xiao Yuhao, you should start. Since someone provided some good stuff yesterday, you should sell him two.”





Having set up his oven, Huo Yuhao started selling roast fish outside of Shrek Academy for the second time. However, he didn’t give the first two to Xu Sanshi. He didn’t have a good impression of this guy who acted against him. Furthermore, Wang Dong was the one who paid first. So, he gave the first two to Wang Dong.





Then the third and fourth to Tang Ya.





It wasn’t until Xu Sanshi’s face had turned black that he received the fifth and sixth. Finally, he threw down his money and left.





“Delicious, so delicious! So fish can smell this good.” Wang Dong’s eyes glowed as he ate. The way he ate can be compared to Tang Ya. By the time he finished eating, there was oil all over his face and hands.





As Huo Yuhao was roasting fish, someone slowly woke from a coma within a secret room on the island deep within the Sea God Lake.





“Ying Ning…” The red-clothed girl’s body moved a bit and subconsciously put her hand over her chest, “So hot, so uncomfortable. I’m so sad. Eh?”





She gradually opened her eyes. Her eyes were of a faint pink after the blood faded and carried a hint of confusion, “Weird, why am I not hot anymore?”





She suddenly sat up and lowered her head to look at herself. Her soaked clothing had completely dried. Jumping up from the bed, she removed her mask, revealing a pale face. She looks to be around twenty years old, with a cold face but an impossible to cover up beauty. Standing there, she revealed a bountiful and heart moving body like a mature peach.





“You’re awake.” The elder’s voice rang out. After a long sigh, he said, “Xiao Tao, this time you almost made a great mistake! I don’t know whether it was coincidence but an otherwordly ice attribute force infused into your body and suppressed the evil fire within. Do you remember what you met after rushing out onto the Sea God Lake?”





Chapter 15 – Three Months

Part 1





The red-clothed girl in the secret chamber was a six ring, Spirit Emperor with a fire attribute that almost caused the death of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. From her appearance, she seems only about twenty years old. If that is her actual age, then her talent cannot simply be described as amazing.





A twenty year old Spirit Emperor! There aren’t even many of them in Douluo continent’s entire history. She can even be compared to the Seven Devils of Shrek’s Academy.





The voice that called out to her belongs to the wizened, white-clothed man who took her back to the chamber. After his questioning, the red-clothed girl, Xiao Tao, shook her head, “I don’t remember. All I can recall was redness in front of my eyes. After that, I felt a life threatening sensation, so I resisted. Then I woke up here.”





The white-clothed man furrowed his brows and stood in front of her. He said with a low voice, “Why didn’t you tell me that you couldn’t control the evil fire within yourself? Do you know, you almost got into great trouble. Two students from the outer school almost died from your fire.”





Xiao Tao was stunned, “I… I didn’t know it was going to be this serious. I thought I could control it. But….”





The white-clothed man sighed, “The more you try to suppress it, the more powerful it will be when it gets released. Xiao Tao, from now on, slow down on your cultivation. Even though you are the greatest genius in Shrek Academy in hundreds of years, we can’t let you get destroyed. If the evil fire destroys your mind next time, Teacher will regret it for life.”





Xiao Tao responded stubbornly, “No, Teacher. I want to cultivate. I promise it will never happen again. I can feel that the evil from the fire is now completely under control. There won’t be any problems in the short term. However, I wonder what kind of power was able to suppress my Evil Phoenix Fire.”





The white-clothed man went into deep thought and then said: “It must have been an extremely cold, ice attribute spirit with a purity much higher than your Evil Phoenix Fire. It is almost like the Ancient Ice Dragon’s Absolute Frost Breath. It completely suppressed any harm the Evil Phoenix Fire might have done to your body. It is better than any other way that we have tried.”





Xiao Tao said in confusion, “But… it couldn’t have been an Ancient Ice Dragon! Especially in our school. Could it be someone who snuck into our school?”





The white-clothed man shook his head and said, “I already asked someone to check it out. I originally thought it was from the protectors of the two students, sent from their families. However, after investigation, I realized there are no such possibilities. One of the students is named Wang Dong, the other, Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao is the Tang Clan’s special admittance student. I asked Beibei, and he said he met Huo Yuhao in Star Dou Forest and brought him here. His talent is about average and he is also an orphan. There shouldn’t be anyone protecting him. Wang Dong has a more impressive background. However, his attribute is not an ice type Battle Spirit. As for others within the school, I checked many times. Even though there are many ice attribute students and teachers, none of them have such a pure and amazing Battle Spirit. It is extremely bizzare.”





Xiao Tao said, “Teacher, nevermind then. You don’t have to investigate anymore.”





The white-clothed elder said, “This is going to affect your future. How can I not worry? If we can find someone with an extremely pure ice attribute spirit, especially if he’s a guy, then you two can be the perfect couple. He can resolve the Evil Phoenix Fire within you. Only then can you become truly amazing. Right now, you are being restrained. Not only is your cultivation speed decreasing, your life is also on the line.”





Xiao Tao blushed, “I don’t want to get married, especially to someone that I don’t like.”





The white-clothed elder sighed. “The problem is that you can’t control the fire.”





“I will control it! I’m not marrying!”





The white-clothed elder said furiously, “Ma Xiao Tao, if you continue to be this stubborn, I don’t want you as a student anymore.”





Ma Xiaotao saw that the elder was in a rage and suddenly quieted down. She said with a voice full of grievances, “But Teacher, I…”





The elder patted her head, “Stupid girl, feelings can be cultivated, but you only have one life. Furthermore, you are so outstanding. No matter what, Teacher will find you a good home.”





………….





“Nannan, I bought you roasted fish from that kid from yesterday. Don’t worry, I didn’t use force, but lined up to buy it.” Xu Sanshi blocked in front of Jiang Nannan when she was heading to the cafeteria with a face full of politeness.





Jiang Nanan shook her head, “No, thank you.”





Xu Sanshi probingly said, “You think I was too violent yesterday? I’m usually not like that. It was only for you that I…. Nannan, I know you hold a grudge for what happened before. But, isn’t it fate that we could meet each other again at Shrek Academy? I really like you and I promise to be faithful forever.”





Jiang Nannan said with cold fury, “I remember I told you before the last time we met that we want different things and should go our separate ways. There will never be any negotiation between you and me. Xu Sanshi, you are part of a high and mighty bloodline. Why try so hard for a little girl like me? I can’t give you anything. Please don’t intervene in my life anymore, or else I will notify the school. Also, please don’t bully other students because of me.”





Finishing this sentence, she tried to turn and leave; but Xu Sanshi blocked in front of her. He said with anger, “I bullied another student? Don’t you know that I was taken advantage of by that Beibei guy so badly? The one roasting fish yesterday was his little brother. He used the chance to trick me into giving him two Mystic Water Pills. Tang Ya also shot a Dragon Whisker Needle into me. Even now, there is a huge purple mark on my waist. What is not good about me? You just don’t want to give me a chance.”





Jiang Nannan said coldly, “What is so good about you when you went to that type of place at such a young age?” Finishing, she turned to leave again. This time, she jumped up and three yellow rings flashed. Her eyes became longer and straightened. Her body also became slimmer. Her pair of legs slowly used some force and she flashed more than ten meters away and sped off without turning her head.





Watching her shadow, Xu Sanshi blanked for a while then ferociously bit into the roast fish in his hands, “Xu Sanshi, you’re so pitiful. So what. I’ll eat it myself. Wow. This roast fish really does taste good.”





Part 2





“Huo Yuhao, I didn’t know that your fish roasting skills were this good. How about this, from now on, I’ll treat you to dinner every night and you can treat me to roast fish?” Wang Dong said with excitement as he savored the delicious aroma of the roast fish.





Huo Yuhao laughed, “You can’t eat roast fish every night, right? You would get tired of even the most delicious food if you eat too much of it.”





Wang Dong responded, “No problem. I don’t care. I want to satisfy myself first. It’s settled. Tomorrow night, I want four. Two is really not enough! Also, you saw how many people were lined up today. I feel like you should add a few more. It doesn’t waste much more time anyway. If not, the people who know you will have taken everything before you even sell any.”





By now, the two had already finished selling and were back to the dormitory area after eating dinner in the cafeteria.





“Elder Brother gave me another Mystic Water Pill. Wang Dong, do you think I should eat this first or the Spirit Ascension Pill?” Huo Yuhao asked Wang Dong as he brought out both pills. Wang Dong obviously had much more experience with drugs than him. Now that Huo Yuhao obtained two valuable pills with good fortune, his heart was anxious about it. If these two pills can greatly change his cultivation then he won’t be falling behind the other students anymore.





Wang Dong thought for a second, “If you want my advice, then you should wait for taking both pills.”





“Why?” Huo Yuhao asked with confusion.





“Think about it. You took the Mystic Water Pill yesterday and have already eliminated a lot of impurities. The Mystic Water Pill’s effects will remain within you for a while and be dissolved as you cultivate. If you take other pills during this time, even though the effects will still be good, you will be wasting some of it. The Mystic Water Pill and Spirit Ascension Pill are both made using heavenly treasures, you should use these precious pills to their full extent. I suggest that you first cultivate for around ten days and fully absorb the effects of the first Mystic Water Pill before taking the second. You will be a step further to changing your constitution and can raise your Spirit Power at the same time. When you finish absorbing both Mystic Water Pills, your constitution and your vessels will have improved greatly. With the opening of your body, you can take the Spirit Ascension Pill and receive even better effects.”





Listening to Wang Dong’s explanation, Huo Yuhao felt it was very reasonable. “Thank you. Good thing you told me or I wouldn’t know how to take them. What about you? Will you take it today?”





Wang Dong nodded. “I am already level twenty-one and have exceptional constitution and vessels so it should be perfect for absorbing the Spirit Ascension Pill. I will take it now and I should completely absorb its effect within one night. Hehe, I will be at least level twenty-two tomorrow. Maybe even level twenty-three. Didn’t senior Xiao Ya say that I can join the Tang Clan after getting number one in the Freshman Examination? After eating this, I will have an even greater certainty. Okay, I will start now. You should cultivate too.”





As he said this, he put the walnut-sized Spirit Ascension Pill into his mouth and lightly bit down. Suddenly, a thick, refreshing aroma flowed out from inside the pill. Wang Dong lightly inhaled and a wave of green juice followed into his mouth and down to his stomach. He did not leave the shell either and swallowed it.





Just then, the room was filled with the scent of thousands of flowers. Huo Yuhao’s mind suddenly cleared and all thirty-six thousand pores on his body opened. An indescribable feeling filled him. He didn’t waste any time and immediately used the Spirit Power stimulation elicited by this experience to start cultivating.





After the cleansing of the Mystic Water Pill, cultivation for Huo Yuhao felt like a pleasure! He quickly entered meditation. The Mysterious Heaven Skill circulated and infiltrated his entire body and gradually increased.





A faint, jade green glow started appearing on Wang Dong’s body. A new rich, refreshing current started circulating within the room and Huo Yuhao absorbed a little of it. The majority of this current followed Wang Dong’s breathing and flowed back into him. Under the stimulation of the Spirit Ascension Pill, his Spirit Power rose at a shocking speed.





After experiencing the challenges in the first two days of school, Huo Yuhao’s academy life became more peaceful and he gradually gained some reputation. His good name was, of course, not from his power, but from his amazing skill at roasting fish. Almost everyone, be it students or teachers, who tasted his roast fish had high praises for him.





Huo Yuhao went from twenty to thirty roast fish a day, but it was still not enough to meet the demands of the great number of students and teachers. However, he was not willing to add more since he needs to save time for cultivation.





In order to eat a single roast fish, students would rush over immediately after the end of class to wait in line. Because of its popularity, everyone was limited to only a single fish. Even with this popularity, Huo Yuhao did not increase the price and received favorable comments from many students while also making quite a few friends.





The number one beauty of the outer school, Jiang Nannan, did manage to eat a roast fish in the end. But she lined up for it herself. What is funny is that even though Xu Sanshi didn’t gain her favor with the roast fish, he became addicted to the taste himself and turned into Huo Yuhao’s loyal customer.





In a flash, three months had passed for the new students. Under Zhou Yi’s strict guidance, Freshmen Class One had completely changed. What shocked the upper levels of the academy was that after Zhou Yi became the class one’s teacher, only sixty-seven students remained after three months. This was very different from the school’s estimate of having only a third of the students remain after the first three months.





If asked which student experienced the most change within these three months, it would unquestionably be Huo Yuhao.





When he first entered school, his Spirit Power was only level eleven and he only had his first spirit ring for a short time. His power was counted, without doubt, as last in the academy.





However, after three months, Huo Yuhao had completely changed. Also, no one had challenged him for the position of class president.





It was not because Huo Yuhao had a shocking power and no one could win against him, but because of his unyielding determination that gained everyone’s admiration. His motivation was also why two thirds of the students of class one could remain under Zhou Yi’s strict teaching style.





Huo Yuhao was really too hard working. Almost every teacher who gave a lesson to class one know about his existence. No matter when, morning or after, no matter what lesson, there would always be a pair of eyes attentively focused on the teacher and he would be listening carefully to the teacher’s explanations.





Part 3





Although his talent was not outstanding and his ability not very strong, he was always the hardest working student.





Zhou Yi’s harshness was well known in the school, but even she could not pick out any problems from Huo Yuhao. Her long physical training hours were torture for all of the other students. Yet, Huo Yuhao was always able to endure to the very end and even trained by himself at night.





Zhou Yi noticed this during one night when she went out to run some errands. By the time she got back, it was already late into the night. When she walked by the academic buildings near the Shrek plaza, she was shocked by a figure slowly moving around the track. From time to time, there were clanking noises from metal chains.





Focusing on this figure, she saw a naked back covered in sweat. His metal armor was already drenched. Every step seemed heavy. Zhou Yi could even see a line of sweat marks on the ground.





The figure wasn’t tall and he moved at a steady pace. This person was exactly Huo Yuhao. Zhou Yi was deeply touched. She couldn’t believe he was still training at night.





Zhou Yi stopped Huo Yuhao and asked him what he was doing. Huo Yuhao simply said that his innate talent is not as good as others, so he needs to work harder. Meditating after physical practice can help him increase his cultivation faster.





Zhou Yi was a bit skeptical at first. She thought he was purposely training that night for her to see. However, it didn’t take long for that idea to disappear. No matter if there’s wind or rain, the shadow would appear on the plaza every night. He always ran for at least two hours. The metal armor even increased from one to two.





Although Huo Yuhao never told anyone, classmates still found out. Many even tried to join him. However, no one was able to last for more than three days. The training during day time were already too intense. To add more at night was torture for the body.





However, Huo Yuhao was able to continue this torturous practice. His mental fortitude was admired by everyone in the class. Under the strict regulations of Zhou Yi, Huo Yuhao was able to last the first three months, and became one of the sixty-seven members of the new class.





Working hard to make up for the lack of talent. Such a simple idea. Yet how many people can actually accomplish this?





Huo Yuhao succeeded and, therefore, he was rewarded. It is not false that two Mystic Water Pills and one Spirit Ascension Pill had helped greatly in his cultivation. However, he just increased his Spirit Power in a well-rounded way. In the past three months, he had completely changed.





Hu Yuhao was originally slightly shorter than Wang Dong. However, now their height was almost the same. His body obviously improved a lot. Although his muscles were not exaggerated, his body was very proportionate. Every muscle seemed to be full of energy.





What is even more important is that Huo Yuhao’s body changed completely for the better in these three months; much more than what can be gained from the two Mystic Water Pills.





After the epiphany about the Mysterious Heaven Skill while exercising, Huo Yuhao told Tang Ya and Beibei his insights. However, neither Tang Ya nor Beibei was able to produce the same results.





The reason Huo Yuhao was able to continue training was because of the nourishing effect of the Mysterious Heaven Skill that appeared when his body and Spirit Power were both exhausted. Every pass allowed his vessels to expand a little. This feeling had become weaker as time passed but he experienced a great increase in his cultivation speed.





After taking the second Mystic Water Pill, Huo Yuhao’s cultivation speed had increased to seven times his original speed after eliminating his body’s wastes. His vessels also continued widening over the past three months and became much tougher. By the end of this time, his cultivation speed was ten times the original. This is a shocking increase!





After the second Mystic Water Pill, Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power rose a complete level, from the peak of level twelve to the peak of level thirteen. After a short readjustment period, Huo Yuhao took the Spirit Ascension Pill. As predicted, this pill increased his Spirit Power even more obviously. His Spirit Power broke three levels and a bottleneck to stop at around level seventeen.





Even more, Huo Yuhao’s innate talent had reached the average of the students in his year. What is more important is that by depending on his own cultivation efforts, his Spirit Power increased more. Now, he had already reached the peak of level seventeen and was about to break through to level eighteen. This was counting the fact that he needed to stabilize his foundation after taking the drugs. It can be said that his potential was far from when he first arrived at the academy.





“We will not have physical training today.” Zhou Yi said behind the stand. Her old face was neither cold nor hot. But as long as it was her class, every single student would sit up straight, without a single movement.





“It has been three months since the start of school till now. You will now experience Shrek Academy’s first examination. Only by passing this exam will you become an official first-year student. If you are able to accomplish this, you will be able to continue studying in the academy for at least a year if nothing out of the ordinary happens. The examination will begin tomorrow, so I will tell you the important points about it today.”





It was rare for Zhou Yi’s voice to be so calm. Her gaze on the sixty-seven students was full of satisfaction. The quality of this batch of students was not better than previous ones. But after three months of guidance, their mental fortitude was greater than any class Zhou Yi had previously taught. For Zhou Yi, this was definitely an exceptional surprise. Huo Yuhao, as class president, definitely provided an extremely valuable example for the rest.





“Huo Yuhao.”





“Here.” Huo Yuhao stood up immediately and answered respectfully.





After three months, Huo Yuhao’s respect for Zhou Yi came from his heart and not from her authority. Zhou Yi would always use weird methods in training them that made them feel like they would rather die than live. But one has to say that Zhou Yi’s teaching abilities were extremely good and those weird methods were as bad as they imagined. Because of this, not only did the sixty-seven students who remained after three months show a great change in their expressions, but also carried an imposing manner that seems as tough as a rock.





Part 4





Huo Yuhao had also observed the students from the other classes. However, he was unable to sense the same aura from those students. Just like what Beibei said, although Zhou Yi is extremely strict, all the students that survived under her teaching became exceptional students; some may even become a real power in the future.





Zhou Yi waved at Huo Yuhao to come to the podium. Huo Yuhao hurried over and took a stack of papers from Zhou Yi and distributed one to every student in the class.





Zhou Yi said, “After the Freshman Examination, you will experience individualized training. Write down the direction you wish to cultivate and give it to me later.”





The directions of cultivation she alluded to are: attack, defense, control and support. In the last three months, everyone was taught together. But when the real first year lessons start, there will be differences. Those who are not of the same category have great differences in their abilities.





Huo Yuhao returned to his seat and was the last one to start writing down his goals. He wrote, of course, to be a control type Spirit Master and signed his name. He didn’t notice that Wang Dong peeked at what he wrote before writing his own down.





Zhou Yi said, “You are all my students, but you will be separated into different classes after the examination. I hope you little rascals won’t forget what I have taught you. Turn in the papers in your hands after class. I will now tell you the important points about the Freshman Examination.”





As she said this, Zhou Yi turned toward the blackboard and drew a few lines. She wrote two large characters in the middle: Combat.





“Combat. The Freshman Examination requires you to fight, and everyone must participate. I know that some of you Tool Spirit Masters, especially the support and food type support Spirit Masters, find it strange. Why would you guys participate in combat? I did not state it wrong. You will all appear on the battlefield just like battle type Spirit Masters. Even though Shrek Academy wants to cultivate well-rounded students, the most important point is still ability on a battlefield. I said on the first say that following the adoption of spirit guidance devices, the categorizations of Spirit Masters have blurred. “Even if you are a support type or a food type Tool Spirit Master, you can still borrow the explosive power of a spirit guidance device to produce a great combat strength. However, where will your combat abilities come from? Can any Spirit Master survive if given a spirit guidance device? Of course not. Combat strength must be gained from fighting. So, everyone must participate in this combat examination.





“Of course, the academy won’t let support type and battle type Spirit Masters compete since it would not be fair. So, the examination will involve group battles. However, the number of people can’t be too many, so it was decided the this year’s group battles will allow three people per group. When assigning groups, there can only be one attack type Spirit Master per group. The other two are assigned randomly. The first consideration is to put people from the same dorm room into the same group and the rest is up to your own assignments. Those who cannot form their own groups will pull straws to determine which group they will be in. Later, I will give you guys an account of a reasonable group setup.





“The Freshman Examination will be carried out among everyone in the year. Since there have been a lot of students in recent years, this examination will have nearly three hundred groups competing, but only half will remain. That means around one hundred fifty groups. Rankings will be made through the amount of points you gain from combat.





“The competition will use ballots. Every group will need to fight at least ten rounds. At the end, you will be ranked by the number of battles you win. Within this, the first sixty-four groups will enter an elimination contest. The first four groups from this contest will be given different prizes by the academy. The prize for the champions will be extremely valuable.”





Every student was focused on listening. To them, this Freshman Examination is key to whether they can remain. If eliminated, they can only go back and choose a common academy. It’s possible that they would never be able to become a top power on the continent. They had already spent a lot of effort in the last three months. No one wanted to be eliminated at this point.





Zhou Yi faintly said, “We have sixty-seven students in our class right now so we can form twenty-two groups and have one extra. I looked at each of your Battle Spirits and helped you create groups. If anyone is not satisfied, you can change them when you leave. But if no one reports a change to me tomorrow morning, then everything will strictly be according to my assignments. Otherwise, you know the outcome.”





“Song Qinghan.” Zhou Yi said deeply.





“Here.” A thin student quickly stood up. He never grabbed much attention in the class so no one imagined him to be the first one that Zhou Yi called out.





Zhou Yi said, “Every homeroom teacher is allowed to recommend a student who can directly pass the examination. I chose you. From what I have observed, I think it would be suitable for you to continue training with the Spirit Guidance Department. Do you have any questions? Right now you have two options. You can either go to the Spirit Guidance Department or pack your bags and leave.”





Coercive. Really too coercive. Every student’s gaze fell upon Song Qinghan.





“I am willing. Thank you, Teacher Zhou.” Song Donghan did not show any reluctance to Zhou Yi’s coercion but almost jumped up with excitement. The reason he came to Shrek Academy was to join the Spirit Guidance Department!





Zhou Yi gave him a gesture to sit down. “Now, we will begin assigning groups. First group: Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong almost stood up at the same time. They originally wanted to be in the same group. When Zhou Yi personally put them together, they glanced at each other and saw the pleased surprise in each other’s eyes.





Rising with them was a female student who sat in the front row. This female student was not tall and looked to be petite like Song Qinghan before. She was also not particularly outstanding in class one; almost every ability was around average.





The little girl cannot be called especially beautiful, but carried a pretty and delicate look that was very engaging. Her face also carried a hint of shyness when she turned her head to look behind her. Her gaze skipped Huo Yuhao and fell upon the handsome Wang Dong. Her face reddened, then she turned around and lowered her head.





“Second group: Zi Hao, Ma Qingshuang, Bing Bing.”





“Third group: …..”





Even though Zhou Yi looked forceful, almost every single student experienced a lifting feeling as she proclaimed their assignments.





Huo Yuhao coldly observed but his heart was secretly filled with admiration. Even though Teacher Zhou was usually cold and strict, she actually understood each student very well; she clearly planned every group.





Chapter 16 – Freshman Examination

Part 1





“Okay, we are set. If you have any complaints, state it quickly. I will give you one day’s time to consider. Other classes are also forming groups now, but definitely not as fast as us. Let them be slow. Hand in the paper in your hands, then you are all dismissed. Go back and rest. No one is allowed to get into any conflicts. Tomorrow will be the start of the Freshman Examination. I want the final result to show all twenty-two groups have been promoted. If anyone gets expelled, not only will you need to pack your stuff and leave, but I will give you something you will remember deeply.”





Seeing the dense gaze from Zhou Yi’s eyes, every student felt a chill go through their body. Unquestionably, the memory Zhou Yi wants to leave will be a nightmare.





At the same time, the entire class one student body suddenly became filled with killing intent. Even without Teacher Zhou’s abuse, they will still try their best to pass the examination!





“Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, you three stay for a bit.”





The rest of the students handed in papers stating their future directions and left in a hurry, leaving only three people. Right now, other classes were hotly debating group assignments.





“Hand it over. Wang Dong, why are you hiding?” Zhou Yi took the papers from the three of them. Wang Dong immediately lowered his head and took a step back to hide behind Huo Yuhao.





Zhou Yi looked at the papers in her hand. Her eyes twitched, then she raised her head to look at Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao.





The three of them felt as if they were transparent as she looked at them with sharp eyes.





“Good job! You three are purposely trying to challenge me, right?” She slapped one of the white sheets of paper on the desk.





“Bang!” The three of them were shocked.





“Control type.” Zhou Yi said coldly.





She took out a second piece of paper and heavily slapped it on the desk again.





“Control type!” Her voice rose higher. Huo Yuhao looked at Wang Dong beside him with shock. This second paper was his!





“Bang!” Zhou Yi slapped another sheet onto the podium so hard that it almost shattered. “Control type, again.”





“What?” This time, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were both shocked. They changed their gazes to Xiao Xiao who had her head lowered. In their memory, Xiao Xiao should be a support type Tool Spirit Master! How did she become a control type?





Zhou Yi’s eyes twitched again, “You three little bastards are doing it purposely, aren’t you? The Freshman Examination only allows one attack type per group, but also states that the three people cannot all have the same path. You three are doing well. All giving me control type. You’re doing it purposely, aren’t you? If it isn’t for tomorrow being the first day of the competition, I would make you guys go out and run for five hours. Huo Yuhao, you talk first. What is going on? Your Spirit Eyes Battle Spirit is perfect to be a support type, but you are telling me you want control type. What does that mean?”





Huo Yuhao hurriedly replied, “Teacher Zhou, I have always wanted to be a control type Spirit Master. My Mental Detection ability can see the entire field and my future spirit rings will bound to be attack style spirit abilities. So, I don’t want to purely be a support type. Control type should be more suitable for my development.”





Zhou Yi slowly nodded. “That is reasonable. Control types will have more potential, so your choice is not wrong. You pass. Wang Dong, don’t hide. Come out. It’s at least reasonable for Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao to write control type, but what about you? You are a strength type Battle Spirit writing that you want to be a control type. You’re deliberately making trouble aren’t you?”





“Uh….” Wang Dong carefully stepped forward from behind Huo Yuhao and said, “Teacher Zhou, don’t get angry. Actually, I feel like it’s not impossible for my abilities to become a control type Battle Spirit Master. Right, I can use my powerful attacks to control the entire battle. Isn’t that control? Also, I can fly and I can attack from a distance. Control is possible.”





“You…..” Zhou Yi was so angry that she almost laughed. She glared at him, “Don’t think I don’t know that you are doing this because you don’t want to be separated from Huo Yuhao. Calling you stupid, but your cultivation is highest in the class, so you can be a genius. Calling you smart, you are so dumb that snot should be coming out of your nose. When did you hear that attack type and control type Spirit Masters will be separated? It’s true that classes will be divided, but attack and control type Spirit Masters will remain together. You idiot, change it for me.”





As she was saying this, she threw the paper to Wang Dong.





“Cough, cough….” Even though he was called an idiot, Wang Dong was still full of happiness. He quickly changed control type to attack type and respectfully handed it to Zhou Yi.





“Hmph!” Zhou Yi snorted then turned toward Xiao Xiao, “And you, Xiao Xiao. If I remember correctly, your Battle Spirit is a rare Tool Spirit called the Soul Sealing Cauldron. It can be considered to be one of the top Tool Spirits. This Soul Sealing Cauldron’s main effect is support. What are you writing control instead?”





Xiao Xiao gave Wang Dong a look and quietly said, “Teacher Zhou, my Soul Sealing Cauldron is not like common Soul Sealing Cauldrons. It combines attack and support. It can be used for defense as well as offense. It can be considered a variant Soul Sealing Cauldron. It’s called: Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.”





Zhou Yi paused a bit, “Xiao Xiao, don’t you know that if you train multiple aspects, it will affect your future development? I suggest you to focus on one. Even if it’s a variant spirit, there will still be bias when adding spirit rings.”





Xiao Xiao nodded, “I know. So I picked offense and defense as the main abilities for my Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.”





Zhou Yi frowned, “That still doesn’t have anything to do with control!” It was obvious that she was very patient with Xiao Xiao.





Xiao Xiao said quietly, “But, I have another Battle Spirit. It can support and control.”





“What?” Not only was Zhou Yi surprised, but Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s eyes also widened. Wang Dong’s shock was even greater. He had always believed that he was unquestionably the strongest freshman in class one, and he never imagined someone like her would be hidden here.





“Dual innate Battle Spirits?” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong said at almost the same time.





Xiao Xiao shyly lowered her head.





Part 2





Zhou Yi also changed her look. This was the first time something out of her control had happened. After considering for a moment, she said, “Fine. You can be a control type. It will also be easier for the three of you to cooperate. Even though the Freshman Examination is your first at Shrek Academy, it is especially important for your future cultivation. If you can obtain a good ranking, you will be put on the list as someone the academy will cultivate. In our class, I like you three the most. It’s not needed to say why for Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. Both of you have exceptional gifts and power. As for Huo Yuhao, your cultivation is not strong and your potential is average, but you possess an unmatched resolve and a unique Battle Spirit. Without considering Xiao Xiao’s second Battle Spirit, the three of you have complementary abilities. I will give you one task. In this examination, you guys only have one goal, and that is to be the champions. If you don’t become the champions, other than Xiao Xiao, you two will end up training with me.”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Teacher Zhou, even if we become champions, I will still be willing to continue training with you.”





Zhou Yi paused. “Stupid boy, don’t you think I am very strict? I know very clearly what they call me in private. You don’t need to make me happy.”





Huo Yuhao shook his head and said seriously, “I’m not, Teacher Zhou. I really want to continue learning from you. Even though you are very strict, I can learn more useful things from you. I have investigated students from other classes. In these last three months, none of them had improvements as great as the students from our class.”





Zhou Yi’s face finally had a hint of a smile. Even though a smile on her wizened face didn’t look very pretty, Huo Yuhao still felt a warmth from her for the first time.





“Okay. You three go rest. Remember, you must become the champions. Also, I will tell you that our academy has very deep pockets. In all of the academy’s examinations, the prizes for the Freshman Examination and the outer school graduation are especially rich. As for what, you will know when you become champions. Go rest and adjust your conditions. I believe in your potential.”





“Yes.” The three of them answered in a single voice and left the classroom together.





Right after they left, Xiao Xiao seemed to have mustered the courage to ask, “Wang Dong, can I chat with you?”





Wang Dong waved his hands, “No need. I need to go back to prepare for tomorrow’s competition. Xiao Xiao, we can see the power of your dual innate Battle Spirits when the examination begins.” As he said this, he grabbed Huo Yuhao’s arm and left.





Seeing Xiao Xiao’s disappointment, Huo Yuhao smiled at her and Xiao Xiao managed to return a smile. They were still young and every feeling was clearly shown on their faces. Wang Dong’s rejection made Xiao Xiao somewhat depressed but she didn’t think much of it other than wondering: *So what? When the examinations begin, you will know my true power. Hmph!* Her pride has always been hidden deeply inside her heart.





“She likes you. You don’t have to give such an obvious rejection, right?” Huo Yuhao joked with Wang Dong.





In the past three months, the two had become very familiar with each other. The stressful life in the academy was harsh training for Huo Yuhao’s body, but his heart had never been this relaxed. Every student was equal and classes like within Duke’s Estate didn’t exist. With his relaxed heart, his personality had become more open; he was no longer the taciturn, shy boy he was when he first arrived.





Wang Dong said heavily, “There are countless girls who like me. Do I need to give an answer to every single one?” Then, he became more old-fashioned, “We are still young. Studying should be the priority. How can there be other desires? Huo Yuhao, your mentality is unhealthy.”





“I…..” Huo Yuhao couldn’t win this argument, “You win!”





Wang Dong laughed, “Let’s go. We were released early today so let’s eat some roast fish. We can register officially tomorrow. The examination probably won’t start until the day after. Our chance to show off is finally here.”





Huo Yuhao snapped, “You eat roast fish everyday. Aren’t you tired of it? Also, it’s almost examination time, we should use this time to cultivate more.”





Wang Dong snorted, “You’re so single-minded. All you know is to cultivate. Aren’t you afraid of becoming stupid?”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “My potential is bad. The dumb bird needs to fly first and enter the forest early. You should know that I reached level seventeen because of drugs. I finally have a chance to pass the examination. Teacher Zhou also put me in the same group as you and Xiao Xiao, obviously taking care of me. If I don’t try harder, then wouldn’t I be letting Teacher Zhou down?”





“Your potential isn’t very good but you have a good Battle Spirit. Don’t worry. You have this genius with you. Even second-year students may not win against me. Later, when you release your Mental Detection and Sharing, you can just sit back and watch me. This genius will get the championship easily.”





Huo Yuhao reminded him, “Our Shrek Academy is the number one academy in the world. There have always been hidden talents. Don’t be overconfident. But, I think Xiao Xiao’s power is also quite good. When it comes to the battle, you two should cooperate.”





He has four great mental abilities but Wang Dong only knows about Mental Detection and Sharing. As for direct battle abilities, Huo Yuhao had been training the Tang Clan’s secret skills and has already achieved some progress. However, it would not be enough to only use the Tang Clan’s skills to fight against powerful Spirit Masters. Just like Wang Dong said, in the examination, his greatest value lies in his Mental Detection and Sharing.





Even though Wang Dong won against Huo Yuhao in talking, he couldn’t win against Huo Yuhao’s stubbornness. When the two of them got back to the dorm, they still ended up meditating. However, Huo Yuhao also agreed that he will prepare a few extra roast fish for Wang Dong to get his fill.





Level seventeen Spirit Power can already form a white current within his body, flowing according to the Mysterious Heaven Skill to pass through his entire body and warm his vessels. It’s not only comfortable, but also increased his constitution.





After three months of hard work, Huo Yuhao had started to feel that his vessels had widened greatly under the effects of the two Mystic Water Pills and the Mysterious Heaven Skill. They were also much more elastic and tougher. His constitution was no longer inferior to his peers. However, he was still late to the right path and will never be able to catch up to Wang Dong; only able to follow along.





Part 3





With this speed, Huo Yuhao has confidence that he will break through to level twenty and obtain his second spirit ring by the end of his first year. Daydream Brother had said that when he gains his second spirit ring, his strength will increase tremendously, especially with the added power of his ice Battle Spirit.





Huo Yuhao longs for that time. When it comes, he would be able to fight along with Wang Dong and would be able to help him more.





Meditation time always passes quickly. Very soon, it was night time. Same as always, Huo Yuhao went to the cafeteria to buy some cleaned herrings and then directly went to the academy gates.





The amount of people out there was visibly less. Maybe because of the upcoming Freshman Examination, most freshmen had become anxious and stayed in their dorms to cultivate.





However, Huo Yuhao’s business was not affected. By the time he arrived, a line had already formed. The first, impressively, was Xu Sanshi.





“Ding!” Xu Sanshi gave Huo Yuhao a silver coin, “You don’t need to give me change, just give me a big one.”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “Brother Xu, you really are unstoppable by wind or rain!”





Their initial unhappiness had passed long ago, and they had become close after seeing each other everyday. After getting acquainted, Huo Yuhao found that even though Xu Sanshi was not as warm as Beibei, and he had a big temper, he was actually very warmhearted.





Xu Sanshi laughed, “I am simply in love with what you make. If I don’t eat it every day, then my dinner won’t taste good. I had a lot of roast fish before, but not a single person can control the heating as well as you do. Even Jiang Nannan said your roast fish is good. Oh yeah, I heard you guys will begin the Freshman Examination now?”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Yes!”





Xu Sanshi said, “Then you really need to work hard. Don’t get eliminated. Or else I won’t have anywhere to eat roast fish.” Even now, he still doesn’t know that Beibei won against him before because of Huo Yuhao. He only knew that Huo Yuhao’s potential was average, just good at making roast fish. In reality, Huo Yuhao’s fame for roasting fish was definitely much greater than his power.





“Xiao Xu.” Just then, a chilly voice suddenly rang out. Hearing this voice, Xu Sanshi suddenly shivered. Huo Yuhao saw fear in his eyes; and even more, helplessness.





The customers lined up behind Xu Sanshi were all suddenly silent.





A girl slowly walked out of the academy gates toward them. The crowd naturally opened up a path for her and no one even dared to look at her. Everyone lowered their heads. This effect was visibly beyond what happened when Jiang Nannan appeared.





Huo Yuhao lifted his head and saw a red-clothed, slender girl coming toward him. The first thing one notices are the exaggerated peaks, firm, erect, overflowing….





Her waist was very thin, until the hip curve before expanding. Her two legs were straight, perfectly rounded and walked forward with a deep sense of youthfulness.





But one couldn’t see her looks as her face was covered by a red veil. But, just from her eyebrows, she was certainly a beauty. Her pair of pale eyes gave people the feeling of losing their souls. Fortunately, her gaze was icy, which lessened the erotic glow.





Xu Sanshi obviously knew her and daringly turned around but didn’t look into her eyes. With a slightly lowered head, he said, “Sister Xiao Tao.”





This made Huo Yuhao even more shocked. Xu Sanshi’s fiery temper was naturally restrained. As a fifth-year student, his position in the academy was even higher than Beibei’s. Because of his great talent, even many sixth-year students treated him with respect. Even a teacher would not be able to gain this attitude from him! Who is this red-clothed girl? For some reason, Huo Yuhao, and Wang Dong standing beside him, felt a hint of familiarity from this girl.





The red-clothed girl glanced at Huo Yuhao’s oven and slowly walked next to Xu Sanshi. “Xiao Xu, you came here to eat roast fish?”





Xu Sanshi nodded, “Yes! Yuhao’s roast fish has an unparalleled taste. It’s delicious.”





The red-clothed girl revealed a hint of curiosity from her eyes and said to Huo Yuhao, “Give me one to try.” She isn’t a fairy who won’t eat mortal food. Since she cultivates constantly, when she saw something interesting, she would still be excited.





Huo Yuhao subconsciously said, “Sorry, I only sell thirty a day. Today’s line already has thirty people. Please come back earlier tomorrow.”





He had said this same line to countless people. But this time, he had just finished saying it before everyone waiting in line lifted their heads and looked toward him with fear. Even Xu Sanshi was included.





What happened right after shocked him even more. Everyone who was lined up behind Xu Sanshi suddenly dispersed.





The red-clothed girl laughed a little, “Okay, now there is no one in line. I think I will be able to eat some.”





Xu Sanshi gave Huo Yuhao a telling look. Huo Yuhao isn’t someone who doesn’t understand the world, and nodded before continuing to roast fish.





However, Wang Dong to the side was not satisfied and said, “Who are you? Why are you ruining our business?”





The red-clothed girl raised her right hand and revealed a tender finger. On her forefinger was a large, extremely beautiful, blood red gemstone ring. A light flashed and a gold coin appeared in her hand. She handed it to Wang Dong, “Then, I will buy all your roast fish today.”





Wang Dong rudely grabbed the gold coin and did not speak out again. This girl’s imposing manner scared many people away, but she did not seem to be unreasonable. Also, he faintly felt there was something different and also carried some fear toward this girl’s appearance.





But Huo Yuhao honestly said, “I don’t need so much money. My roast fish is only five copper coins each.”





The red-clothed girl didn’t seem to want to say more and faintly said, “Then I will store it with you now. If I want to eat from you in the future, just don’t charge me money.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao nodded and carefully roasted his fish.





The red-clothed girl seemed to be here to find Xu Sanshi, but now, she was ignoring him and completely focused on Huo Yuhao roasting fish.





After a while, she exclaimed, “To control the fire this perfectly, do you have a fire attribute Battle Spirit?” She was an expert at playing with fire herself and could obviously see how perfectly Huo Yuhao was adjusting the fish and the temperature of the fire.





Huo Yuhao shook his head.





A few moments later, the first batch of four roast fish was finished. Since there was no one else today, Huo Yuhao handed two each to the red-clothed girl and Xu Sanshi. He actually buys more than thirty herrings a day, but the extra was reserved for Tang Ya and Wang Dong.





Part 4





Xu Sanshi was still a bit unstable after seeing the appearance of the red-clothed girl. He couldn’t even eat his roasted fish as enthusiastically as usual. The red-clothed girl slowly raised her veil, showing her stunningly beautiful face, and started eating.





She ate very delicately with graceful motions. What shocked Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong was that after finishing the fish, all the bones disappeared within her hands. Not a trace was left. She was also visibly eating with her hands, yet, not a single bit of oil was left on them.





What kind of ability is this? Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong glanced at each other and saw each other’s shock.





The two fish were quickly devoured. The red-clothed girl noded towards Huo Yuhao and said:”Your roasted fish are very delicious. I can sense it’s very meticulously roasted. Let me see your Battle Spirit.”





Her tone of voice was impossible to say no to. The mysterious ice attribute skill had suppressed her body’s explosive fires and let her be free from her evil fire for three months. But, as time passed, that ice aura was being slowly melted by her Evil Phoenix Fire and what happened before was gradually appearing again. The reason she came to find Xu Sanshi was because his Mystic Deep Turtle Battle Spirit was the best out of the water attribute spirits. She can borrow its force to help her suppress the inner evil fire. The process is extremely useful for Xu Sanshi as well, but extremely painful. This was why Xu Sanshi had a painful expression when he saw her. He had been tortured more than once or twice.





Huo Yuhao frowned and Wang Dong was even more unwilling, but was blocked by Huo Yuhao’s hand. He slowly raised his head toward the red-clothed girl. A faint golden glow shone from his eyes. When the golden glow appeared, his deep blue eyes also carried a hint of purple.





Within the Tang Clan’s secret skills, the Purple Demon Eye improved the fastest for him. Every morning, he would experience a suction feeling when he absorbed the distant purple qi. One day of training for him was equal to ten days for Beibei and Tang Ya.





The red-clothed girl slightly raised her eyebrows as she experienced Huo Yuhao’s miraculous Mental Detection and Sharing.





With the increase in his cultivation, Huo Yuhao’s spirit ring power had also increased. Just like what the Daydream Iceworm said. As Huo Yuhao’s endurance increases, the amount of power from his first spirit ring will increase as well.





Originally, even though his first spirit ring had four abilities, it was only equal to a four hundred year old spirit ring. But now, it has the power of a six hundred year old spirit ring. The distance Mental Detection and Sharing can reach had also expanded to fifty meters in diameter and became even more detailed.





The Daydream Iceworm opened a part of his first seal within Huo Yuhao’s body. As long as Huo Yuhao has any breakthroughs in cultivation, the source energy contained within his first spirit ring will naturally increase. This is something other Spirit Masters can’t even imagine. With Huo Yuhao’s increase in cultivation, this spirit ring will become even more fearsome.





Daydream Iceworm couldn’t give Huo Yuhao an extreme power all at once, but he gave Huo Yuhao an extremely bright future.





After ten seconds, Huo Yuhao retracted his Mental Detection and Sharing. The red-clothed girl paused for a moment, then nodded toward him. She also stared deeply at the white spirit ring that rose from his feet and said, “This is the strongest ten-year spirit ring I had ever seen.”





Huo Yuhao naturally responded, “It is still a ten-year spirit ring.”





The red-clothed girl laughed, “I am Ma Xiaotao. Happy to meet you. If given the chance, I will come eat your roast fish again. Xiao Xu, let’s go.”





Xu Sanshi said bitterly, “Sister Xiaotao, can you be a little more gentle today?”





Ma Xiaotao gave him a warning look and Xu Sanshi immediately added, “No problem. I have no problems either way.” As he talked, he walked quickly to the front to make a path for Ma Xiaotao.





When the two of them entered the academy, Wang Dong said in a low voice, “Her name is so tasteless.”





Huo Yuhao responded, “What can a name prove? Don’t you think she felt a little familiar?”





Wang Dong was shocked, “It can’t be the person from that time? Red clothes. Could she be an inner school student?”





Huo Yuhao shrugged, indicating he doesn’t know either.





Immediately after Ma Xiaotao and Xu Sanshi left, people ran back to form a line. The first was a fourth-year student who heard what the two were talking about. He immediately warned them in a low voice, “Juniors, be quiet. You can’t discuss inner school students casually. Especially Sister Xiaotao.”





Huo Yuhao said with shock, “Really an inner school student?”





The senior responded, “Of course. Every single student wearing red is an inner school student in Shrek Academy. I don’t know how many are in the inner school but they rarely come out. There is also a ranking within our academy and there is fierce competition over it. Sister Xiaotao is within the first ten. That power is not something we dare rival. It seems like Xu Sanshi and Xiaotao have a close relationship. Maybe Senior Xiaotao will even recommend him for the inner school.”





Wang Dong asked curiously, “You need a recommendation to enter the inner school?”





The senior responded, “Of course! I don’t know the exact procedure, but every single outer school student who wants to enter the inner school must have an inner school student’s recommendation.”





The rest of the roast fish sold smoothly. Near the end, Beibei and Tang Ya came together and Huo Yuhao brought out what he had saved beforehand to treat them.





“Little Brother, tomorrow is the start of the Freshman Examination. I just received some accurate information. You will register in the morning and examinations begin in the afternoon. You should be prepared.” Beibei was warm like usual.





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Elder Brother, I will try my best to pass it.”





Beibei laughed and Tang Ya said, “Xiao Yuhao, Teacher won’t eat all these roast fish for nothing. Let me give you something good. You might be able to have some use for it.” She handed something like a treasure pouch to Huo Yuhao. “Divide and store them within your Twenty-Four Moonlight Bridges. Be careful when you use them. Don’t hit people’s fatal points. Also, after the examination, you can start learning how to make spirit guidance devices. Teacher will teach you some secrets then.”





“Thank you, Teacher Xiao Ya.” Huo Yuhao received the treasure pouch and could guess what was inside.





Wang Dong asked with curiosity, “Teacher Xiao Ya, freshmen can’t use spirit guidance devices, right?”





Tang Ya answered impatiently, “Use what spirit guidance device? Don’t you know what our Tang Clan is famous for?”





When Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong returned to their dorm and opened the treasure pouch, they were shocked. It was filled with hidden weapons. There were flying knives, flying needles, bone piercing needles and more than ten others. There were more than a hundred of each. This treasure pouch can be said to be a hidden weapon storage.





Obviously, Tang Ya prepared these for him because Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit didn’t have any offensive skills. In the past three months, Huo Yuhao had made great improvements in Tang Clan’s skills and had started understanding Hidden Weapons Hundred Separation. He is naturally smart and could already control two to three methods to use hidden weapons without difficulty. For new students with only one or two spirit rings, these are quite powerful.





Wang Dong looked at Huo Yuhao’s weapons and pouted, “Your teacher, Tang Ya, is obviously looking down on me. With me here, you won’t need to fight yourself.”





Chapter 17 – First Cooperation, Dual Control

<Part 1>





“Pride will make you less skilled. Be a bit more low-key ” said Huo Yuhao.





Wang Dong snorted, “Do you think it would be possible to be low-key with my battle spirit?”





“Hmm…” That’s right! His Bright Goddess Butterfly always shocks the audience, no matter when it appears. Being low-key would be impossible.





They spent the rest of the night in silent cultivation. The next morning, they went to the academic building together after eating breakfast. Stepping into the classroom, they felt an aura of eagerness.





After being split into different groups by Zhou Yi, everyone was chatting in groups of three.





Xiao Xiao arrived earlier and was waiting. Seeing them enter, she waved.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong walked over. Xiao Xiao said, “The examination will begin in the afternoon. We should plan some battle tactics.”





Wang Dong said loudly, “There is no need to plan. We can just fight through.”





Xiao Xiao lightly shook her head. “It won’t be that easy. I heard every class has an exceptional team, made of the best students so that they may win the championship. They won’t be easy to deal with. We need to cooperate well in order have a chance.”





Wang Dong wanted to say more but was stopped by Huo Yuhao. “Wang Dong, have a good attitude or I will ask Teacher Zhou to switch teams.”





It may be that Xiao Xiao was still bitter about Wang Dong’s rejection but she immediately said, “That’s right. Overconfidence is arrogance.”





Wang Dong snorted but didn’t say more.





Huo Yuhao put a hand on his shoulder, “Okay, don’t be mad. If we cooperate well, wouldn’t it be easier to win against our opponents in battle? We should first talk about our abilities.”





Even though everyone had been together for three months, they all cultivated alone so people didn’t know much about others’ battle spirits.





Huo Yuhao said, “Let me begin. I have a mental attribute battle spirit and can use Mental Detection and Sharing, which allows you to see any movement in great detail within a 50 meter diameter. It can help you predict how people will react as well.”





Wang Dong said, “I am a offense type spirit master who can attack from a distance and I can fly.” Even though he was arrogant, he does have some things to back it up. No matter cultivation, battle spirit or abilities, he was above those of his peers. Just possessing a thousand year second spirit ring is something that no one else in the academy has.





Xiao Xiao nodded, “My main battle spirit is the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron. It can both attack and defend and possesses the power to control the field. It can deter people by ramming against them. Once hit, the enemy will become dazed and get damaged. My second battle spirit is a flute, the Nine Phoenix Flute, which specializes in support and control. Right now, my second battle spirit only has a hundred year spirit ring that can reduce the enemy’s speed.”





Wang Dong asked, “Your supporting battle spirit doesn’t boost our abilities?”





Xiao Xiao laughed with some pride, “No. Sometimes, reducing the enemy is better than helping oneself. You will know when it happens. But, I won’t use my second battle spirit easily. We need to hide some of our strength.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong both realized that Xiao Xiao might be much stronger than they had imagined.





What they didn’t know was the shocking double control Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao can exhibit when cooperating.





“Pong, pong, pong.” Three knocks sounded. Right after, the entire class became silent.





Zhou Yi stood at the entrance to the classroom and just lowered her right hand. What they heard was her knocking on the classroom door.





She slowly walked to the podium, carrying an icy expression, “I have reported the groups participating in the competition. It will begin this afternoon. In the first 10 round robin battles, you guys will not encounter each other; only students from other classes. I have only one rule for you guys. If anyone gets in the way of you passing the examination, then beat his ass. Okay, you are dismissed. We will regroup this afternoon at the examination area.” Right after, this old woman turned and left.





Wang Dong said to Huo Yuhao in a low voice, “Don’t you think this old woman is becoming too cool.”





Huo Yuhao gave him a look, “That isn’t being cool. It’s being tyrannical.”





Xiao Xiao walked over from the side and laughed, “That is Teacher Zhou having a strong presence. Let’s go. We should find a place to practice a little or how would we cooperate in the afternoon?”





Huo Yuhao nodded in agreement before Wang Dong could open his mouth, “Student Wang Dong, if you want to eat roast fish in the future, then I ask that you listen to the class president for the duration of the examination. Do you agree?”





“Mmm…” Wang Dong saw Huo Yuhao’s stable gaze and said with grievances, “Huo Yuhao, you’re taking advantage of me.”





Huo Yuhao said wisely, “You can choose not to eat.”





Wang Dong paused a moment but still gave in, “I’ll endure and listen to you. But, I want you to do all the cleaning in our room from now on.”





Huo Yuhao said with contempt, “You cleaned in the last three months?”





“This….” Wang Dong couldn’t think of anything to say, “You’re ruthless.”





Xiao Xiao seemed to have fallen completely to Huo Yuhao’s side. She laughed and said, “Laziness is a sin.”





Wang Dong suddenly gave a retort that made Xiao Xiao’s face red, “Xiao Xiao, you change your love so fast!”





“You—-” Xiao Xiao pointed at Wang Dong with a face full of anger and hints of frustration.





“Okay, okay. Didn’t we say we will practice? Let’s go. I think we should go outside of the academy. There are a few forest areas where we won’t be interrupted.”





Wang Dong stuck out his tongue at Xiao Xiao then turned and ran. Huo Yuhao comforted Xiao Xiao until she became happy again. The two caught up to Wang Dong and they followed the Lakeside Trail out of the academy.





Finding a quiet place outside of Shrek Academy is very easy. Even though there are a lot of large roads, many plants surrounded them. Some are natural while others are planted.





The three of them found a relatively empty space in the middle of a forest. Wang Dong asked, “How will we practice? Should we each use our spirit abilities once?”





Xiao Xiao immediately responded, “What fun is that? Practice is best when there are opponents. Since you are an offense type spirit master, you can be on one side and class president and I can be on the other. We can have a battle.”





“You two fight against me?” Wang Dong raised his right hand and waved his finger. “You guys are not good enough. You won’t even have a chance!”





<Part 2>





Xiao Xiao gave a sharp, icy smile, “How will we know if we don’t try it? However, you are an attack type Spirit Master, so we can’t start fighting with you next to us. Let’s draw out some distance; around thirty meters.”





Huo Yuhao was watching the two of them argue and discovered Xiao Xiao’s intelligence. His Mental Detection and Sharing has a diameter of fifty meters. Xiao Xiao made Wang Dong move back thirty meters away so that the moment he moves, he would be within Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing.





Wang Dong agreed without hesitation.





Xiao Xiao also said, “You can fly, while we can’t. Since we are practicing, don’t fly away if you lose.”





Wang Dong casually said, “Then I won’t fly more than five meters off the ground. That’s enough. I’m going over. You can say when we begin.” As he said this, he was already leaving.





Xiao Xiao immediately turned toward Huo Yuhao, “Class President, lets fly the kite. You can just use your Mental Detection and Sharing ability to help me. Let us give that arrogant guy a loss.”





If this was before coming to Shrek Academy, Huo Yuhao wouldn’t even know what she meant by flying the kite. But now he knows that flying the kite is a tactic to be flexible with attacks or retreats.





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Okay, I will cooperate with you.” He also wanted to see how powerful Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong really are. Even after three months, he still hadn’t seen Wang Dong seriously fight using his Battle Spirit. But, he was clear about how even though Wang Dong was prideful, it was really just confidence, not arrogance. His self-confidence comes from his real power.





The two sides quickly separated. Wang Dong lazily leaned against a big tree, watching Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao, thirty meters away. He gestured to them, showing that he was ready.





Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao stood shoulder to shoulder. Her stature was small and she was the shortest in the class, with the nickname, Pocket Beauty. She turned her head toward Huo Yuhao and nodded, “Class President, help me.”





“Okay.”





Xiao Xiao then turned toward Wang Dong and shouted, “Begin.” She immediately released her Battle Spirit.





Two yellow rings flashed and suddenly rose from her feet. She was an above level twenty Spirit Grandmaster. It made Huo Yuhao, standing beside her, secretly ashamed.





Even though the two rings rose from her feet, there wasn’t any change on her body. Just a black shadow condensing above her head. That shadow was a three-legged, two eared cauldron, around a meter in diameter. It was Xiao Xiao’s main Battle Spirit, the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing activated at the same time. A white ring rose from his feet. Xiao Xiao secretly thought, *No wonder the class president trains so hard. His talent is really lacking!*





However, Xiao Xiao was shocked as Mental Detection and Sharing gave her a wondrous scene.





With their bodies as the center, everything within a range of fifty meters in diameter suddenly appeared in her mind as three-dimensional images. She didn’t even need to think about it as different strands of information rapidly appeared in her mind. Even every little bit of vegetation was clearly there. Other than a three-dimensional map appearing, there also seemed to be an extra brain, helping her think.





Xiao Xiao, shocked, glanced at Huo Yuhao while Wang Dong had already started moving.





Wang Dong appeared to be looking down on Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao, but he wasn’t careless at all. He had experienced Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing and knew its powerful ability to predict the enemy’s movements.





Dazzling blue wings suddenly opened from his back. Wang Dong’s body was also covered by a layer of wondrous, blue-purple glow. Rings of golden light appeared on his two humongous wings and formed a V-shape. Two rings, one yellow, one purple, rose. The Bright Goddess Butterfly had been released.





With a flash, Wang Dong charged forward. Spirit Power shot out of the two golden rings on his wings and increased his speed even more.





This wasn’t a spirit ability, but his Bright Goddess Butterfly’s innate ability. Just from this, one can see how powerful this Battle Spirit is.





The suddenly accelerating Wang Dong had charged forward more than ten meters in an instant, and was about to reach Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao. It’s easy to predict that if an attack type Spirit Master reaches two control type Spirit Masters without them having the ability for a close-ranged fight, then the outcome would be set in stone.





Just as Wang Dong charged to within twenty-five meters of Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao, his movement data suddenly appeared in Xiao Xiao’s mind. It included his direction, his body’s changes, his Battle Spirit’s changes and even the status of his circulating Spirit Power.





Xiao Xiao didn’t look flustered at all. She was still pleasantly surprised by Huo Yuhao’s spirit ability from a ten-year, white spirit ring. As she watched Wang Dong come closer, she finally took action.





Her right hand pointed toward Wang Dong and the huge one-meter-long cauldron instantly charged in the same direction. It did not directly collide against Wang Dong, but stood in the path he must take. Also, she only used her Tool Spirit’s innate ability and did not activate any spirit abilities.





What made Wang Dong feel uncomfortable was that big, black cauldron’s position. It was in his way. Without doubt, this was because of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing. Xiao Xiao would never have been able to determine his path this accurately with only her own eyes and Spirit Power.





Helplessly, Wang Dong could only lower his left wing and tilt his body in the air to change his path. But that big, black cauldron moved and blocked in front of him again.





Xiao Xiao subconsciously turned her head to peek at Huo Yuhao. With Mental Detection and Sharing, she didn’t even need to use her eyes to look at Wang Dong. She only had to follow Huo Yuhao’s ability’s predictions to direct her attacks. This was the easiest situation.





Wang Dong would not accept defeat, he flapped his wings in mid air and accelerated his speed several times. However, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection was able to sense even when he rubs his Spirit Power and can always detect his moves beforehand. For Wang Dong to dodge Xiao Xiao’s cauldron is almost impossible.





Wang Dong was annoyed and said, “Huo Yuhao, are you still a human being? Fine, since I can’t escape, I will just force through it then.”





As Wang Dong was talking, the first spirit ring brightened. Gold lights sparkled in Huo Yuhao’s eyes. With Mental Detection, he can clearly feel the exploding Spirit Power within Wang Dong’s body that was sent towards his front wings. His back wings are now completely open to keep his body in balance.





<Part 3>





The color of his front wings completely changed into azure, while the golden rings above him emitted a golden light that spread outwards. Instantly, the edges of the front wings formed a circle one meter wide and lined with golden light. The edges were extremely sharp.





Xiao Xiao’s complexion changed a bit. Through Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, she was able to clearly sense that with the addition of Wang Dong’s spirit ability, the pair of wings now possessed an astonishing destructive strength.





Wang Dong simultaneously raised both hands and grabbed the interior of the respective front wings. Suddenly, the front wings on both sides of his body unfolded, conforming to the edge of golden light like two large guillotine blades. He abruptly threw his right wing towards the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron to slice it. Just as he said, if being flexible won’t do, then use force.





However, he was still underestimating the cooperative dual control of Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao. The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron didn’t straightforwardly resist. Rather, it quickly retreated two meters, just in time to get out of the way of his right wing’s beheading strike. Afterwards, it quickly moved forward again to collide against the flat surface of his wing.





A large explosive sound rang out and Wang Dong’s body flew more than ten meters away. Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron was still stably floating in the air.





Wang Dong was annoyed! His strength was absolutely above Xiao Xiao’s, but facing Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao’s cooperation, he couldn’t exert his real powers. Suddenly, his eyes lit up. This time, he wouldn’t advance, but retreat. With a flash, he moved twenty-five meters away from Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao, naturally leaving Mental Detection’s range.





“Hehe, Huo Yuhao, I wonder how you’re going to detect my movements this time? Big bro has a long-range attack.” While talking, his second spirit ring already started shining.





Huo Yuhao faintly smiled and said, “Did you forget that I can adjust the direction of my Mental Detection? Right now, I can detect about one hundred meters. If you’re sure that your attack can surpass a distance of one hundred meters and is also capable of locking onto us, then let’s try it. Also, when your long-range attack enters the range of my Mental Detection, I will still have time to help Xiao Xiao resist it. Unless your power is enough to break Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron. Furthermore, don’t forget, Xiao Xiao still hasn’t used her second Battle Spirit.”





Wang Dong blanked. Right! Even though his second spirit ability is of the thousand-year level, with a shocking force, if it extends past a hundred meters, its power will still be significantly lowered. And also, it’s true that Huo Yuhao will have enough time to help Xiao Xiao resist. But, he wouldn’t admit he lost, “My long-range attack is also a large area attack. It won’t matter even if you can detect it.”





Xiao Xiao laughed, “Wang Dong, don’t be so pleased. Don’t forget, I still haven’t used my two spirit abilities. Do you know what my Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s spirit abilities are? Honestly, you might not win against me even if this was one versus one. Even if the power of your long-ranged attack is not common, I only need to give myself and Class President enough time to dodge. Watch and see.”





She once again pointed at the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron with her right hand. In a moment, the cauldron slightly shook and divided into three parts. It instantly separated above their heads. At the same time, Xiao Xiao’s first spirit ring shone.





There was a sudden explosive sound in the sky. All the air above their heads with in a dozen square meters shook under the shock.





The three cauldrons reunited and suddenly fell next to Xiao Xiao.





This time, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s expressions changed together. Such a powerful Battle Spirit. The separation into three was the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s innate ability. The last shock was the attack. Through Mental Detection, Huo Yuhao could clearly feel the fearsome shockwave.





Wang Dong’s expression quickly returned to normal, “Not fighting anymore. I can’t deal with you two teaming up. However, Xiao Xiao, you will know in the future that you are definitely not my rival in a one-versus-one battle. But, for people of the same cultivation stage, whoever has help from Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection will definitely win. His skill doesn’t let anyone survive. Unless your cultivation is powerful enough to completely suppress the opponent, it’s inevitable to be at a disadvantage from the start.”





Although Xiao Xiao wasn’t satisfied with Wang Dong saying he could win against her one-versus-one, she did accept what he said after. She nodded her head and said, “That’s right! With the class president’s Mental Detection, I would only need to use simple abilities to win in a battle. Class President, your ability is truly very powerful. It feels wonderful to cooperate with you. I originally looked down on your ten-year spirit ring. I’m sorry!” She is a straightforward little girl. What she thinks in her heart is what she says out loud. Her nature of not dragging her feet immediately won Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s favor.





Huo Yuhao extended his right hand toward Xiao Xiao. She sweetly smiled back and put her hand above his. Wang Dong walked over and put his right hand over theirs as well.





Huo Yuhao declared, “From now on, we are partners in a group. We will be the champions in the Freshman Examination.”





“We will be champions.” The three yelled at the same time. Their relationship also improved. The happiest was Xiao Xiao. She could finally feel herself be truly accepted by Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. Between Spirit Masters, talking with strength is always the easiest, most direct, and most effective method.





Shrek Academy’s Examination Area is located north of the Battle Spirit Department and near the Battle Spirit Arena. Compared to the Battle Spirit Arena, the Examination Area is much larger. For Shrek students in the outer school, this is an area for excelling students to show off their potential, but is also a nightmare for those with lower cultivations. Every year, there would be large numbers of students who are expelled because they couldn’t pass the examination. Most of the examinations were carried out in this Examination Area.





Even though the Examination Area has an oval shape, it is different from the Battle Spirit Arena which looks like a walled off practice field. It is an empty field. There is a circle of short walls surrounding the area and the inner part is divided into different districts by clapboards. These clapboards can be altered at any time to change the size of each district.





Over the years, the Freshman Examination was when the Examination Area was divided the most. Not only is it because there were a lot of students, but it is also because their destructive force and attacking distance are limited. They didn’t need a large area to show off their abilities.





The entire Examination Area is around twenty thousand square meters. It was divided into fifty districts right now, with each district spanning around four hundred square meters and twenty meters in length on each side. For common students with only one or two spirit rings, this was more than enough.





After the morning’s stressful group assignments, the examination begins in the afternoon. Since this was the first day, in order to let new students adjust, each group only needs to undergo one battle before leaving. The academy sent out fifty teachers to the fifty districts to register the examinations. Today’s examination opponents had already been determined by the lottery carried out at noon. Efforts were made to ensure that groups from the same class would not encounter each other in the next ten rounds.





<Part 4>





Other than class one, which only had twenty-two groups, most classes had more than thirty groups. Unless there were students who performed very badly, most freshman teachers don’t expel students lightly, in order to give them a chance at the examination.





In the end, there were three hundred and ten groups participating in the Freshman Examination, with a total of nine hundred thirty people. In these hundreds of groups of students, only the last one hundred fifty groups may remain to officially become first-year students and continue studying. Everyone else will be expelled.





At Shrek Academy, there’s no doubt that competition is fierce and cruel. However, it is also because of this that, while under a tense atmosphere, the students can be made to work even harder and further stimulate their potential, thereby creating Shrek Academy’s long-lasting superiority.





The Freshman Examinations were conducted in fifty districts. Each was assigned either six or seven participating student teams. Not only today, but, they will be assigned to the same district against the other competing teams tomorrow. After all the teams encounter each other, they will once more be divided into new groups; until ultimately, each and every team will have fought ten matches.





Huo Yuhao’s trio were assigned to the thirtieth district. After the trio ate lunch together, they returned to their dorms to meditate for a while before joining again. The different districts were very easy to find because every district had clear labels. Very quickly, they found the district that they were assigned to.





There were also participating teams from other classes who had already arrived. It appeared that some of them were apprehensive while others were eager to begin. Everyone was either eleven or twelve years old and their minds simply couldn’t conceal their thoughts. When it was time to face one another, the hostility they were exuding was extremely clear. After all, among them, it was very likely that only half of them would remain. Although the examination had more than ten matches, every match was crucial towards their future.





“Attention all freshman, attention all freshman, please immediately enter your examination district and prepare to take part in the Freshman Examination. You have the next ten minutes to enter your examination districts. Any late arrivals will be treated as having forfeited their right to participate in the examination.”





The sound of the loud broadcast echoed throughout the entire outer school. The sound was sufficient enough to spread to every corner of the outer school. The faces of all the freshman became serious. Their first examination was about to start and it would be a lie if they said that they weren’t nervous.





Huo Yuhao unconsciously clenched his fists and occasionally he would stroke his Twenty-Four Moonlight Bridges. The examination forbids the usage of spirit guide devices, but hidden weapons were merely ordinary weapons. Generally speaking, very rarely do Spirit Masters use weapons, unless it’s spirit guide devices. As a disciple of the Tang Clan, Huo Yuhao was an exception.





Wang Dong placed his left hand on top of Huo Yuhao’s shoulder and said, “Don’t be so tense. It’s only a small matter.”





This time, Xiao Xiao didn’t say that Wang Dong was arrogant, but, instead, also faced towards Huo Yuhao and nodded her head. Although Wang Dong didn’t display his strength, she could still see that his resolute speech meant his cultivation was not lower than her own. Adding on to the class president’s miraculous Mental Detection ability, there were very few people who were their match within the same grade.





Huo Yuhao whispered, “We are champions.”





Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong simultaneously nodded at him and then the trio’s palms once more overlapped each other’s. Although they were young, they all knew that even though passing the examination may not be hard, becoming the final champions requires unity. So even the proud Wang Dong had restrained his pride.





The Freshman Examination was of the utmost importance so the academy’s broadcast reminder using a spirit guide device had very little effect. All of the students had long since arrived at their designated districts to prepare.





A teacher who looked about forty years old arrived at the thirtieth district. His appearance was very ordinary and he also lacked an imposing manner. His face was full of smiles and he definitely had an amiable personality. When compared with Zhou Yi, they were as different as heaven and earth. After he counted the number of people, he smiled and said, “Very good, our side has altogether six student teams undergoing the examination and they have all already arrived. I would like to introduce myself. I’m called Wang Yan and I will be your examination teacher for the next two days.”





“Hello, Teacher Wang Yan.” The students quickly bowed towards him.





Wang Yan laughed and then said, “No need to be so polite. My teaching methods have always been to treat everyone as my friends. From now until the end of the examination, you will all be my friends. Therefore, I don’t wish to see anyone receiving any injuries. Although, through the examination, I will decide whether or not you all can remain at Shrek Academy and continue to learn here. However, I must remind everyone of one thing, and that is: you absolutely cannot cripple your opponent. Otherwise, I can only apologize to him and ask him to leave. In addition, I will have to report the matter to the academy’s superiors.”





He spoke mildly and also downplayed the matter. Furthermore, he never said what the consequences for crippling your opponent were. Still, to be capable of entering Shrek Academy, who wasn’t a genius? Naturally, they heard the meaning within his words and one after another, nodded their head to show their understanding.





Wang Yan smiled and said, “Since this is the case, we can now begin. The sooner the competition is over, the sooner you can go home and prepare for tomorrow. For you young people, a little sense of urgency is a good thing.”





While speaking, he took out a folder and opened it. After glancing over it he raised his head and said, “First match of the first round of the assessment. Freshman class one: Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, and Xiao Xiao. Freshman class three: Ouyang Junyi, Chen Junfeng, and Zhao Haochen. You guys enter your respective corner of the arena. Only after I announce the start of the match can you guys release your Battle Spirits. Enter the arena.”





With six groups of students present, and the thirtieth district only needed to conduct three matches, so Huo Yuhao’s group didn’t expect that they would actually be the first to appear. After exchanging glances with each other, they quickly walked to their station at the northwest side of the arena.





The trio’s positions were carefully chosen. Wang Dong stood at the very front, Xiao Xiao was second, and Huo Yuhao stood farthest back at the corner of their station. While on the other side, the three students naturally chose the southeast corner.





The participating freshman from class three were all boys with pretty good looks. The tallest one was Ouyang Junyi, and he also had the best appearance. Although there was still a disparity when compared with Wang Dong, his figure seemed to be much stronger than Wang Dong’s. Beside him, Chen Junfeng’s height wasn’t short, but he was definitely slender. Finally, Zhao Haochen was a fatty with a plump belly and an honest smile.





Seeing that both teams were in position, Teacher Wang Yan nodded his head and said, “Examination begin.”





Both teams immediately released their Battle Spirits within the first moments. Although Huo Yuhao stood at the corner, under his meticulous control, he prevented his Mental Detection from including the area behind his body. Rather, he simply covered the entire field of the arena. Xiao Xiao also released her Three Lives Soul Stealing Cauldron and a black cauldron rapidly formed above her head.





Wang Dong’s actions were more direct and, in a flash, his figure powerfully rushed out into the sky. A pair of dazzlingly, beautiful blue-purple wings were already extended open. With a brilliant golden light pattern and dazzlingly, beautiful wings, no matter whether it was the opponents or the supervisor of the match, Teacher Wang Yan, all of them were taken aback. It was all because that pair of wings was too beautiful that Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao, who were in the back, had their limelight completely overshadowed.





Their opponents also finished their preparations. All of them had also released their Battle Spirits within the first moments.





Chapter 18 – Thirty Third District, Three Vs Three

<Part 1>





Zhao Haochen, standing in the back, yelled, “Come quickly, my big chicken leg.” His yellow spirit ring waveringly rose up and two yellow lights flashed in his hands. After a moment, two braised chicken legs appeared in his palms and he quickly handed them to the two people in front.





Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng released their Battle Spirits while receiving the chicken legs, and started eating them in large bites.





A food type Battle Spirit? This was the first time Huo Yuhao had met a food type Battle Spirit. He didn’t know what the effects of the chicken leg were. Zhao Haochen only had one spirit ring, but it was a hundred-year ring, so its benefits must be pretty good. The way Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng gnawed on the chicken leg was a bit weird, and Xiao Xiao couldn’t help but laugh out loud. The Three Lives Soul Stealing Cauldron still floated above her head without any intention of attacking.





Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng attacked at the same time. Between the two of them, one was a Beast Spirit Master and the other was a Tool Spirit Master. However, they were both agility Battle Spirit Masters.





Ouyang Junyi’s Battle Spirit was the Sword Beak Hummingbird. After releasing his Battle Spirit, a sharp thorn rapidly appeared at the front of his right arm. Although his Battle Spirit was a bird, because of the current state of his cultivation, he wasn’t yet able to possess wings. Just from this one point alone, the disparity between the quality of his Battle Spirit and Wang Dong’s could be seen. Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly Battle Spirit inherently possessed wings, which indicated that it was a first-rate Beast Battle Spirit.





Chen Junfeng’s Battle Spirit was the Flexible Straightsword. The three of them were all Spirit Masters with one ring, but each had a yellow hundred-year spirit ring. Among them, Ouyang Junyi’s strength was the greatest with his Spirit Power having already reached level nineteen. Chen Junfeng was level eighteen and, due to him being a food system Spirit Master, Zhao Haochen was comparatively slower in cultivation, with Spirit Power only at level seventeen.





After the two agility attack system Spirit Masters ate their chicken legs, the two simultaneously pounced towards Wang Dong like arrows. Their rapid speed made even Wang Dong alarmed. However, he instantly realized that the chicken legs that the two people had eaten must have boosted their speed!





It wasn’t only Zhou Yi who assigned teams. Other classes’ teachers did as well. With Zhao Haochen supporting Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng, they were, no doubt, capable of using their speed advantage to the fullest extent. They relied completely on this speed to prevail over their opponents.





Unfortunately, for the Huo Yuhao’s trio, their least feared opponents were speed types due to Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection completely restraining them.





Faint golden rays of light within Huo Yuhao’s eyes shone and the entire arena appeared in Wang Dong’s mind in a three-dimensional form. Although Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng’s speed was fast, their flight trajectory, Spirit Power usage, Spirit ability’s aim and flaws, and any weak points all appeared in Wang Dong’s mind. Wang Dong finally experienced the carefree feeling that Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao felt this morning when they teamed up.





Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng’s attack was very focused. Wang Dong charged out alone, just as they had wished, and their speed unexpectedly erupted. They had complete confidence that Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao wouldn’t make it in time to help. First, defeat Wang Dong, and then deal with Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao. This could also be considered a form of divide and conquer.





Besides the sharp thorn in the middle of his right arm, Ouyang Junyi’s entire right arm was covered by a layer of plumage and his body also became much lighter. Even though he was also an agility Spirit Master like Chen Junfeng, he arrived a step earlier. The yellow ring on his body shone and in a flash, the sharp thorn in his arm transformed into dozens of light rays that flew toward Wang Dong.





Although Chen Junfeng’s speed was a beat slower, this certainly wasn’t the first time that he and Ouyang Junyi teamed up. His short sword had already flown out of his hands even though he himself was not there. His first spirit ring shone and light flashed around his sword as it flew forward, directly striking at Wang Dong.





From their first move, a golden light pattern had already spread from above Wang Dong’s pair of wings. He was also using his first spirit ring. In a flash, both arms overlapped their respective wing. The Guillotine Wing that Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao had seen before appeared once again.





With his body in midair, Wang Dong’s position was somewhat higher than Ouyang Junyi and Chen Junfeng’s. A hint of pride was on his face as he looked down at the two of them. Confronting their attack, Wang Dong’s left wing swept out and directly welcomed Ouyang Junyi’s Sword Beak Hummingbird Battle Spirit. Following that, the right wing directly made a beheading strike towards Chen Junfeng’s sword energy. There wasn’t a single fraction of error in the positioning.





“Chi, chi, chi, chi….” A series of sounds broke through the air. Ouyang Junyi was shocked as his Sword Beak Hummingbird Battle Spirit’s first spirit ability Flickering Hummingbird Thrust stabbed at the Bright Goddess Butterfly’s wing. Rings of golden light suddenly appeared and even the sharpness of the Sword Beak Hummingbird’s beak could not break through. Right after, the humongous wing had already arrived in front of his face.





Ouyang Junyi was also experienced in battle. He lowered his body to dodge below the wing. However, who could have imagined that Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wing would abruptly slap downwards like he had stopped to let Wang Dong slap him. A “Bang” sound rang out and Ouyang Junyi was thrown into the dust, landing on his face. The tremendous force that collided against his back almost made him spit out blood.





On the other side, Chen Junfeng was even worse off than he was. His sword energy had directly collided with the sharp edge of the Guillotine Wing. Chen Junfeng only saw a golden flash as his sword energy dissipated. Soon after, a burst of violent buzzing cries could be heard from his Flexible Sword before it shattered into pieces with a loud bang. He only saw a golden-blue light pass by as his body was swept away and thrown into the sky with an even greater speed than he had rushed forward. He directly collided against the body of Zhao Haochen, who was gnawing at a chicken leg. The two people immediately became a rolling gourd.





Wang Dong’s pair of wings extended in the air, flickering blue and purple. The golden light pattern slowly vanished. At the same time, his body nimbly fell to the ground with the arrogant look still remaining on his face.





At the edge of the arena, Teacher Wang Yan’s eyes was filled with brilliance, while the other three member teams’ faces became grave. The entire thirty-third district had turned dead silent.





Too strong. He was such a fearsome attack Battle Spirit master!





Originally, attack types on a higher level could restrain agility types to an extent. However, everyone was a freshman so how could the gap be this big? While relying on his own strength alone, Wang Dong was actually able to defeat two agility type Battle Spirit Masters with one strike. Moreover, the other party even had support from a food type Tool Spirit Master.





Although two rings had a large advantage over one ring, winning one against three was still a great feat showing the tyrannical existence this Bright Goddess Butterfly Spirit Master.





Furthermore, along with Wang Dong, there was another person with two rings, as well as an additional member. This team had two level twenty or above Spirit Grandmasters! Huo Yuhao was completely overlooked by everyone. Only Teacher Wang Yan was able to make out the faint golden rays of light flickering in his eyes.





<Part 2>





Although there was a significant difference in strength between Ouyang Junyi’s team and Huo Yuhao’s trio, it would have been impossible for Wang Dong to win this quickly by himself. However, don’t forget, he had the assistance of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing ability from a spirit ring equal to the power of a six hundred year spirit ring!





Mental Detection and Sharing is not a single ability, but two abilities, each with the help of a six hundred year spirit ring. The assistance that Wang Dong received was far superior compared to that of his opponents.





Furthermore, Wang Dong also possessed a hundred-year spirit ring, but his Spirit Power had already reached the twenty-fourth level, far surpassing his opponent’s. Also, after obtaining a second spirit ring, his first spirit ring’s attack had also increased as well. Adding on his Battle Spirit’s all-around suppression, he was able to obtain an overwhelming victory.





Wang Dong retracted his wings and walked back to Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao. They high-fived each other to celebrate. With a chuckle, Xiao Xiao said, “Class President is amazing. Wang Dong, how about letting me have some fun next time?” She had confidence that if the person fighting just now was her, she would have also been capable of defeating the other team. The more she experienced the miraculousness of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, the more she couldn’t separate herself from it. As a result, the one she praised was Huo Yuhao rather than Wang Dong.





With a chuckle, Wang Dong smiled and said, “Don’t! You’re better off conserving your strength. As far as we’re concerned, the next ten examination matches are nothing more than warm ups. It’s fine if I alone show off. We can’t let other people get a sense of our real strength.”





Huo Yuhao laughed and said, “What Wang Dong said is reasonable. Xiao Xiao, you are our trump card.”





Hearing them say that, Xiao Xiao also laughed and nodded her head in agreement.





“Victory for class one’s Team Huo Yuhao.” Wang Yan declared and recorded the result on the document in his hand.





On the other side, Ouyang Junyi’s trio crawled back up. Wang Dong had been lenient with his attack and so they weren’t truly injured. However, their faces were filled with shame and resentment. They didn’t want to stay here even a second longer after letting the other team win so easily, so they quickly ran away.





After Wang Yan finished registering the results of the match, he once again glanced at Huo Yuhao’s trio and thought to himself, *This team must be class one’s ace. The students that Teacher Zhou Yi taught are really amazing!*





However, he was still unable to understand Huo Yuhao. Unlike the students, he had a better understanding of team registrations.





This freshman class one’s team was called Team Huo Yuhao. In other words, Huo Yuhao was this team’s leader. However, based on cultivation, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao both outclassed him. More directly, Huo Yuhao’s first spirit ring was only a ten-year one, and his cultivation had yet to break through to the twentieth level. He also lacked the qualifications to enter Shrek Academy as a new student.





However, he was this team’s leader. So in other words, this student with a ten-year spirit ring was the team’s core. Why was it like this?





Wang Yan was the representative of Shrek Academy’s theoretical moderate faction. He had a good foundation in theories and possessed a great ability to learn new information. Although he was only around forty years old, he was the head upper grade teacher in the outer school.





Within Shrek Academy, a teacher’s promotion in grade was even more challenging than the students’. Zhou Yi was merely a middle grade teacher. Of course, her terrifying educational methods played a role. As Wang Yan was able to become the number one upper grade teacher, he was qualified to teach the students in the inner school, which shows how amazing he was with theories. However, he was unable to understand the circumstances of Huo Yuhao’s team. Even more, he still didn’t know what type of Spirit Master Huo Yuhao was.





After finishing their examination, Huo Yuhao’s trio didn’t leave, but instead stood at the side to watch the other two matches. It wasn’t until all three matches were finished that they finally said their farewells to Wan Yan before leaving.





Wang Yan did not stop Huo Yuhao to ask about his spirit. He was convinced that he would definitely be able to figure it out in the next few matches.





The first round of the Freshman Examination quickly came to a close. Today’s examination was primarily to let the freshman adapt to fighting as a means for testing. Tomorrow’s examination will be much harder. There will two rounds of the examination in the morning, and another two in the afternoon. Altogether, four rounds. The third day was even more frightening. Each team would have to undergo five rounds of the examination. The entire duration of the Freshman Examination was only three days.





As a matter of fact, this not only tempered the students’ practical combat ability, but also their ability in prolonged combat.





When the second day of the examination began, all of the freshman in class one already began to feel gratitude toward Teacher Zhou Yi within their hearts. Four matches in one day wasn’t only an issue of Spirit Power consumption but also physical exhaustion. The freshmen in class one who had underwent Zhou Yi’s demonic training were obviously stronger in this type of competition compared to students from other classes.





After the first day’s match and observation, Huo Yuhao’s trio were completely certain that, within this group, there were not any threatening opponents. There was only a single student above level twenty other than them.





The other freshmen weren’t stupid. In order to obtain better scores in the row of matches, each team would forfeit when matched against Huo Yuhao’s team.





Unlike the exhausted students from other teams, Huo Yuhao’s trio effortlessly won their four matches on the second day to obtain the perfect score of five wins out of five matches. With this achievement behind them, they had basically already passed the freshman examination. Moreover, these five victories also allowed them to build up ample confidence.





As the thirty-third district’s examination teacher, Wang Yan was somewhat depressed. Even after five matches, Team Huo Yuhao’s battle style was still exactly the same. Wang Dong would go charge forward as Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao watched. Then the match would end after a short time. He still couldn’t make out what Huo Yuhao’s ability was. As a theory teacher, how could he not be depressed?





“Huo Yuhao, you three come here for a moment.” Wang Yan called to the trio after the second day’s matches ended.





“Teacher Wang.” Huo Yuhao walked to the front while Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao stood behind him, one on each side.





*As expected.* Wang Yan thought to himself, this Huo Yuhao was indeed this team’s core!





“You three obtained a good record in the previous five battles. You need to work hard in the next few matches to enter the top sixty-four and join the ranking competition. However, tomorrow’s five matches definitely won’t be as easy. There will be another lottery after today’s matches. Teams who have lost all five matches will be eliminated. In the lottery, besides not letting same-class students fight against each other, there will also be consideration of the previous match results. Tomorrow, you will definitely be back at our thirty-third district. However, it’s very likely that you will encounter challenges from stronger teams.”





Huo Yuhao nodded his head and said, “Thank you, Teacher Wang. We will try our best.”





<Part 3>





Wang Yan smiled. “That’s good. Go back early and rest.” He still couldn’t ask Huo Yuhao what his Battle Spirit was. He was proud and believed that when they encountered a stronger opponent, Huo Yuhao wouldn’t be able to hide anymore.





“So satisfying! We’re winning like cutting vegetables,” said Wang Dong with excitement on the way back to the dorm. He definitely had a lot of fun today.





Xiao Xiao responded, “Let me have a turn tomorrow. From the start until now, you have only used your first spirit ability. If we meet a stronger opponent tomorrow, then you might be forced to use your second ability. However, your second ability comes from a thousand-year spirit ring and can be said to be our team’s strongest attack. It’s better if other people don’t see it until we enter our ranking competition. If anyone strong comes tomorrow, then I will fight with you. We would only need to use our first spirit abilities. If the opponent is even stronger, then I can use my second spirit ability and keep yours hidden. This way, we will have two trump cards. What do you think?”





Wang Dong laughed, “Xiao Xiao, after saying so much, aren’t you really just impatient? Okay, we’ll do as you say. I have already had my fill. I’ll let you enjoy a bit too.”





Fortunately, no adults heard their exchange or Wang Dong’s words would have drawn people’s misunderstanding.





Huo Yuhao laughed as well, “Let’s go. I’ll treat you two to roast fish. I ordered a few extra yesterday.”





Just as they left the Examination Area, they encountered two people. Seeing them, both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong paused.





The people weren’t strangers but the red-clothed inner school student, Ma Xiaotao, and the one who she dragged away the other day, Xu Sanshi.





The Xu Sanshi in the present lacked his usual vibranc,e but instead had a pale face as if someone had sucked out all his energy. He looked tired and his clothes were rumpled, as decrepit as possible.





Ma Xiaotao still looked beautiful but her face carried an unnatural flush and her pink eyes had also darkened a little.





“See, we found them, Sister Xiaotao. I can go now.” Xu Sanshi said bitterly. After enduring for a few days with extreme agony, he was finally free. Be it mind, physical strength, or spirit power, he was exhausted to his limits. All he wanted at the moment was to go back to his dorm and sleep.





Ma Xiaotao nodded and said, “Okay. You can leave.”





Xu Sanshi gave Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong a glance wishing for their fortune. His disloyal look made both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong anxious. Why was Ma Xiaotao searching for them?





Ma Xiaotao faintly said, “You two, come with me. Little Sister, you can go back first.”





Xiao Xiao wanted to say more but Huo Yuhao immediately shook his head at her to gesture for her to go back first and that they will be fine.





Seeing that Ma Xiaotao probably didn’t come out of kindness, they didn’t want to draw Xiao Xiao into it. Also, since they were within the academy, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong didn’t think Ma Xiaotao would do anything to them.





Xiao Xiao was a little unwilling but still left. Ma Xiaotao lead Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong toward the Lakeside Trail. After a short walk, they arrived at the spot where they were assaulted.





Ma Xiaotao walked directly toward the Sea God Lake without stopping. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong visibly kept a certain distance from her. Wang Dong looked cautious and Huo Yuhao’s heart was beating hard.





“Senior Ma, why did you call us here?” Huo Yuhao probingly asked.





Ma Xiaotao said while looking away, “I know you have already recognized me. That’s right. I was the student who came out of the inner school and harmed you guys. But I have my own hardships. Here, I will give you two an apology first.”





Wang Dong pouted a little and thought, *That was an apology? There wasn’t even a hint of sincerity!*





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong glanced at each other, “Senior Ma, what happened is in the past. The school also gave us compensation.”





Ma Xiaotao violently turned around. Her two pink eyes suddenly darkened and an indescribable pressure suddenly pressed against Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





“But, to me, this event has not passed.” Ma Xiaotao said gravely.





“There should have been an ice attribute Spirit Master who stopped me that day and prevented me from injuring you two. This person is very important to me. Tell me what you know. Or maybe it is someone protecting one of you. I need to find him.”





Wang Dong responded with confusion, “Senior Ma, I don’t understand what you’re saying. That day, the high temperature on your body made us faint. We don’t know anything about what happened afterwards! How can we know anything about some ice attribute Spirit Master.”





Huo Yuhao nodded. No matter what, he couldn’t reveal the secret concerning the Daydream Iceworm.





Ma Xiaotao saw that their emotions didn’t seem fake and revealed a slight hesitation.





The reason she came to find Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong was because after what previously happened, she suddenly remembered that she had a sense of familiarity with them and looked up their information within the inner school.





In the last three months, she took advantage of the extreme cold that Daydream Iceworm left within her, which suppressed her evil fire, and made significant advances in cultivation. Since the cold disappeared, she could only use Xu Sanshi. However, she found that even though Xu Sanshi’s Mystic Deep Turtle was a top level Beast Battle Spirit, it was still of the water attribute and not ice, so it’s effect on her was becoming smaller and smaller.





If she cannot not suppress her evil fire then she will have to stop cultivating. Also, there is always the risk that it could erupt at any time and make her lose her mind.





After considering her choices, she decided to come find Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. If she can find the ice attribute person who stopped her before, then her problem would be easily solved.





“You guys really don’t know?” Ma Xiaotao said with a low voice.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong shook their heads at the same time.





Ma Xiaotao’s expression suddenly changed and she coldly said, “Then don’t blame me for not being nice. If you guys don’t know, then I will force him out.” As she said this, a violent heat wave poured out. Crimson fire erupted from Ma Xiaotao’s body like a volcanic eruption.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong had been vigilant from the instant that Ma Xiaotao called them out. The moment Ma Xiaotao moved, they immediately reacted. They can’t sit and wait to die!





Bright Goddess Butterfly Wings instantly appeared on Wang Dong’s back. His wings were already covered by golden light as they extended and Guillotine Wings was immediately used.





<Part 4>





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing and Soul Assault were also used immediately.





Even though only three months had passed, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s cultivation had risen quite a bit. They also cooperated well. Even though they moved quickly, Wang Dong was able to grab Huo Yuhao and fly up, quickly retreating in the air.





Ma Xiaotao was careless. Single ring and a double ring Spirit Masters didn’t hold any importance in her eyes! As she released her Battle Spirit and the dazzling, fiery red wings covered her body, Wang Dong was already quickly flying away while holding Huo Yuhao from the back.





Right after, Ma Xiaotao saw a purple flicker in Huo Yuhao’s eyes. In that moment, she felt as if Huo Yuhao’s eyes were like two needles piercing toward her and subconsciously closed her eyes as she suddenly felt dizzy.





After Purple Demon Eyes rose to a new level, Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault became even more powerful. Even Ma Xiaotao, with six spirit rings, could not directly resist it.





In an instant, Wang Dong had already charged out of the forest while carrying Huo Yuhao and was back on the Lakeside Trail.





“Go back to the academic building.” Huo Yuhao yelled as he waved his hands toward Ma Xiaotao’s direction. Rays of cold light flashed and flew directly toward Ma Xiaotao. These were the hidden weapons Tang Ya gave him. The simplest way to release them was also the fastest. Piercing sounds rang out as he swung out his hand.





Strong air current was ejected from the golden streaks of Wang Dong’s wings, quickly propelling his body away.





Ma Xiaotao was not going to let the two of them escape so easily. Huo Yuhao’s hidden weapons didn’t bother her at all and she caught up with them in a flash. A pair of humongous fire wings opened and melted all of the metal hidden weapons instantly, causing them to drip onto the ground. The horrifying high temperature approached Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong like a huge hand from behind.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing can be said to be great skills that can change the outcome of a battle in the same level. However, it was still too weak to face an opponent such as Ma Xiaotao. What does it matter if they could clearly determine what comes next? There is no way they could have stopped it.





Wang Dong was already doing his best to fly away, yet the heat current from behind swallowed the two of them almost instantaneously. If viewing from above, Ma Xiaotao caught up to them in a flash, her huge wings expanded and closed suddenly, enclosing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





Ma Xiaotao grabbed them by the collar in each of her hands. Her terrifying Spirit Power instantly forced the two to lose any sort of resistance. Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao were shocked to see that redness surrounded them; it was impossible to see the outside world. They were also unable to speak.





Ma Xiaotao waited quietly with a serious face. After waiting for a fully half a minute, she frowned and said: “Was last time really a coincidence?”





Her only intention to do this to Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong was to force out the Spirit Master with ice attribute that suppressed her last time. However, things didn’t work out as planned. From the outside, she had already completely swallowed Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong in the fire, but the Spirit Master had yet to show up.





The fire was taken back as the redness diminished from the surroundings. Ma Xiaotao also returned to normal. She released both of her hands and pushed Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong away. Both of them fell immediately onto the ground.





Ma Xiaotao said nonchalantly, “Since it doesn’t have anything to do with you two, then I’ll let you guys go. I know you guys think it’s not fair. Cultivate harder and maybe, one day, I’ll battle you two if you ever make it into the inner school.” As she finished speaking, she turned and walked away without even a little bit of care about the anger in Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s eyes.





“That crazy woman.” Wang Dong shouted angrily.





Huo Yuhao climbed up from the ground and then pulled Wang Dong up as well. “Enough, it would be better for you to go cultivate instead of being mad at her. She didn’t say anything wrong. Who told us to be weaker than her? Let’s go back.” Huo Yuhao saw the whole scenario when Ma Xiaotao was defeated by the Daydream Iceworm that day. Therefore he knew what Ma Xiaotao had in her mind.





The clear-minded Ma Xiaotao had no need to kill them within the school perimeter. All she wanted was to force the Daydream Iceworm to show up again. However, even if Huo Yuhao wasn’t able to see through her intentions, Daydream Iceworm would still not show up! He was in the middle of a sweet dream. Furthermore, he had also made it clear that he was unable to help Huo Yuhao within this year.





The next morning, when Xiao Xiao saw Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, a hint of surprise was shown on her cute face. “What happened to you two? Why so upset? That older sister didn’t do anything to you two yesterday, right?”





Wang Dong answered first, “Of course not. She just wanted to ask us something. Come on, let’s go to our examination.” Of course, Wang Dong was reluctant to recall such an embarrassing event.





Due to the fact that they had the best grade in the previous five rounds, they stayed in district thirty-three. After a new round of drawing, they were faced with five new groups to compete with.





Those groups were definitely not the best from the other districts. Therefore, they will probably not meet any strong opponents in the next five rounds. However, compared to before, this might not be as easy.





Teacher Wang Yan looked at them meaningfully before announcing, “Good, everyone is here. Due to the fact that Huo Yuhao’s team won first place in our district, they will be our district’s seed group. According to the rules, they will go first. The first competition of the sixth round in district thirty-three is: Huo Yuhao’s team from Freshmen Class One vs. Huang Chutian’s team from Freshmen Class Seven.”





As both teams entered the arena, Huo Yuhao’s team was surprised to see that within their opponent’s team was a pair of identical female students.





The two girls both had long blue hair. Their pretty little faces made them look extremely adorable. Age-wise, they also seemed a bit younger.





Twins?





In front of the two girls was a well built male student. Apparently, he would be Huang Chutian; the team leader.





“I’m Huang Chutian. On the left is Lan Susu, and on the right is Lan Luoluo. Pleased to meet you.”





“Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao. Nice to meet you, too.” Huo Yuhao answered.





Both sides stood in their positions. Huo Yuhao’s side still followed their original strategy with Wang Dong in the front, Xiao Xiao positioned in between, and Huo Yuhao in the farthest corner.





On the other side, Huang Chutian was in the front while Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo were behind him. Every team could only have one attack type Spirit Master. It was quite clear that the two younger, same-age twins were not attack types. It was likely that they were dual supports or, like Huo Yuhao’s team, dual control.





Teacher Wang Yan announced in a deep voice, “Examination begin.”





Both sides quickly released their Battle Spirits. Huang Chutian bellowed and then heavily beat his chest with his hands. He definitely hadn’t reached twelve years of age, but his height had already surpassed one hundred fifty centimeters. His Battle Spirit was released and in a flash, his height had further increased to approximately one hundred eighty centimeters. Thick and solid muscle immediately burst through the school uniform on his body. The exposed outer skin had completely changed into a black iron color.





The originally black pair of eyes had turned yellow. Two fangs grew and protruded from his lip a bit. The four limbs of his body were particularly thick and solid. His muscles seemed like steel, firm and powerful.





Two yellow spirit rings simultaneously rose from under his feet. Shockingly, he was a twentieth level or above attack type Spirit Grandmaster.





The twins behind Huang Chutian also simultaneously released their Battle Spirits. Their Battle Spirits were unexpectedly their hair……





Surprisingly, from beneath Lan Luoluo and Lan Susu’s feet emerged two spirit rings each. They were equally all yellow. The moment they swung their heads, the long, blue hair behind their heads immediately rose, blossoming open in the air. Very quickly, the blue hair had grown to more than ten meters in length.





Chapter 19 – Battle Spirit Fusion Skill Inescapable Net

Part 1





This three member team was completely composed of twentieth level or above students! How did they not obtain first place in their original district? This was also the first time that Huo Yuhao’s trio had come across a freshman team entirely composed of two-ring Spirit Grandmasters.





The strength of Huang Chutian’s trio was indeed very powerful. However, within their original district, they had come across an opponent who had perfectly restrained them. The outcome was four wins and one loss, and they came here after obtaining second place.





On the other side, Wang Dong had already flown out within the first moments with his pair of wings unfolded. The moment the dazzlingly beautiful Bright Goddess Butterfly emerged, the pair of young ladies, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo, became starry-eyed. Seeing the look in Wang Dong’s eyes, they immediately changed.





Huang Chutian growled as he suddenly strode towards Wang Dong. With each step, a loud booming noise could be heard. When there seemed to be about three meters between them, Huang Chutian leaped into the air and smashed his fists toward Wang Dong.





Wang Dong closed his wings and took the attack directly.





“Bang!” Following the loud sound, Wang Dong was abruptly smashed down from mid air. Even after landing on the ground, he retreated a few steps to stabilize his body.





After Huang Chutian landed, he once again jumped into the air to run toward Wang Dong.





Just at this moment, a huge pitch black cauldron silently appeared at the highest point of Huang Chutian’s jump. It almost seemed like he had hit it on his own.





Huang Chutian’s mind blanked for a slight second. There was no place for him to push off against in mid air. Therefore, it was impossible to change direction. Out of desperation, he was forced to point his fists toward the big, black cauldron.





Strangely, just as his movement changed, the big cauldron backed off about thirty centimeters, just enough to avoid both of his fists, and then instantly shot forward.





Huang Chutian was strong. He knocked his head against the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





“Bang!” Huang Chutian flew back as he collided with the cauldron. The cauldron, however, landed right in front of Wang Dong from the sky. Until now, this was the first time Xiao Xiao had shown her skill during the assessment.





Wang Yan was responsible for overseeing the competition and his face lit up from the scene. He could obviously see how outstanding Xiao Xiao’s Battle Spirit was. However, he was even more impressed with her timing.





Wang Dong turned to Xiao Xiao and smiled: “I was just trying out his strength. This guy’s Battle Spirit should be the tough skinned, strong boned, Hercules Ape. No wonder he has so much strength. Watch me.” As he spoke, he once again flew up. His toe tapped on top of the Three Lives Soul Stealing Cauldron and his first spirit ring lit up.





“Huang Chutian, let’s see if your tough skin can block my Guillotine Wings.” He spread his wings and charged at his opponent.





At the moment when Wang Dong flew out, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo, on the other side, threw their gazes toward him. The twins turned towards each other and, at the same time, intertwined both of their hands together. An even stronger Spirit Power immediately burst out and fluctuated from their bodies. In a flash, the previously more than a dozen meters long blue hair rose up into the sky and formed a large net. The net then swayed directly toward Wang Dong.





Using web against butterfly. This was obviously the best tactic.





Spreading Webs, the first spirit ability that both twins possess. Two identical spirit abilities, combined with the telepathetic coordination of their souls. When the humongous blue web was converging on Wang Dong, Huo Yuhao’s mental detection could detect almost no escapes or flaws.





Huang Chutian rapidly retreated into the hair net. However, the blue hair seemed to have grown eyes as it moved aside one by one and didn’t touch his body at all.





The situation that Huo Yuhao was most worried about had arisen. The opposing team was also a combination of one attack and two controls. Moreover, the opposing team’s two control type Spirit Masters were also twins with naturally better coordination.





Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wings’ power was displayed just then. The net should have restrained his butterfly Battle Spirit, but his pair of Guillotine Wings created a powerful destructive force that created an opening in the net. The moment it appeared, Wang Dong dived through toward Huang Chutian with the help of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing.





Huang Chutian and the Lan sisters were shocked. They couldn’t imagine the destructive power of Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly and they didn’t understand how Wang Dong was able to find Huang Chutian’s position when the net blocked his field of vision.





Huang Chutian howled and his first spirit ring brightened. His fists suddenly grew two times bigger with a shining metallic luster and met Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wings.The Lan sisters spread their net from behind in an attempt to distract him.





“Clang!” When the Guillotine Wings slashed onto the pair of iron fists, there was the sound of metals clashing into each other. This time, it was Huang Chutian that backed off. His foot wobbled a bit as he backed of five or six steps. Both of his fists were also full of blood, a cut on each of them.





Huang Chutian’s face darkened. His Hercules Ape was a very strong Battle Spirit with it’s copper skin and metal bones, known for it’s mighty strength. However, he was unable to stop Wang Dong’s wings. It wasn’t because he wasn’t strong enough, but rather that there were those terrifyingly sharp guillotine blades on the wings. If he didn’t back off, both of his fists might have received even more damage.





After making Huang Chutian retreat with a single strike, Wang Dong held an even greater advantage. His back wings flapped, and he twisted his body to turn his Guillotine Wings in rapid rotation like a spinning top. He threw himself at the incoming hairnet from behind that entangled him. However, it was unable to stop confine him even one bit.





Under Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, Xiao Xiao was naturally able to Wang Dong’s current situation. So, her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron simply stopped moving after that one attack.





“Roar——” Huang Chutian once more gave out a bellow. Both hands were clenched and then raised above his head. The second ring circling around his body finally shone. His body appeared to be entirely covered in a yellow glow. This time, his two arms swelled with thick muscles that contained a terrifying explosive power. The yellow glow expanded until they reached his hands before stopping.





“Power Cannon.” Huang Chutian shouted loudly with an exploding voice. Both fists suddenly faced in Wang Dong’s direction and smashed outwards. A condensed yellow light ball blasted out of his fists, heading directly for Wang Dong. This ball of light unexpectedly had a targeting function. Wang Dong continuously dodged three times and was still unable to escape from it.





At the moment he was preparing to use Guillotine Wings to resolutely resist, his face suddenly displayed the hint of a smile. He unexpectedly abandoned his resolute resistance, no longer caring about the Power Cannon. Rather, he moved downwards and shredded the hair net, while rushing straight towards Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo.





The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron quietly appeared behind Wang Dong and violently collided with the Power Cannon. A split second before the two collided, a layer of black light spread out from the Three Lives Soul Stealing Cauldron. Their collision produced an ear-splitting boom.





Part 2





After Power Cannon collided with the black light, its intensity decreased dramatically before colliding with the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron. Although it was still powerful enough to make the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron explode into the air, this attack of Huang Chutian can be considered to be broken down. Furthermore, the Lan sisters were now facing a full attack from Wang Dong.





Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo obviously underestimated their opponents. Huang Chutian was no match for Wang Dong’s attack, yet he was not defeated. The sisters seem to have forgotten they are not facing an individual but a team as well. When Wang Dong destroyed their net and set his attack on them, it was already too late for them to use their second spirit ability. Their second spirit ability needed a certain amount of distance to express its greatest power.





The sisters looked at each other with determination showing in their eyes. The spirit rings disappeared from both of them as they let go of each other’s hands. They opened their arms and hugged each other in the middle of the battle.





Wang Dong was somewhat taken aback. What were they trying to do?





In the next moment, the Lan sisters provided him with the answer. In a flash, an immense Spirit Power that far surpassed the previous one fluctuated and blossomed the moment Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo hugged each other. A halo of dark blue colored light was simultaneously emitted from their bodies, hiding them and making it impossible to see them clearly. At the same time, the long hair at the back of their heads rose up and became a sparkling and translucent blue. The hairs were still as thin as before, but when they once more enveloped Wang Dong, the feeling they gave to Wang Dong was completely different.





Guillotine Wings directly chopped at the net of hair, but it wasn’t shredded instantly like before. Wang Dong only felt that he had knocked against a large net brimming with flexibility and durability. The more he struggled, the tighter the net got. In the split second the large net enshrouded him, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing unexpectedly disappeared.





Did Huo Yuhao stop releasing his skill? The answer is obviously no. However, because the spirit ability Wang Dong is facing is way too strong, the large fluctuation of Spirit Power has masked Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Detection. No matter what, Huo Yuhao was still only a one ring Spirit Master.





In the blink of an eye, Wang Dong was tied up like a dumpling with his body surrounded by crystal blue hair. However, those overwhelming blue hair did not stop at this but rather rapidly attacked towards Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao.





“Battle Spirit Fusion Skill?” Xiao Xiao said in surprise as the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron was rapidly sent out. The huge cauldron split into three in mid-air and headed towards the big net.





This so-called Battle Spirit Fusion is a skill that can be launched between two Spirit Masters with great tacit understanding. The powerfulness of this skill is much greater than any spirit ability within the same level. One can even say that they do not exist on the same level at all. Also, Battle Spirit Fusion can rarely be achieved by Spirit Masters. It can be said to be one in a million.





Within Huang Chutian’s team, he was obviously the strongest individual. However, the ultimate weapon was definitely the Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion.





In the previous examinations, they have restrained themselves from using this skill, even if it meant losing one battle. However, today is the first battle of the last five rounds. They cannot bear to lose another round. Just like how Huo Yuhao’s team is the seed group for class one. Huang Chutian and the Lan sisters are the seed group for freshmen class seven. They also carry the weight to make it into the top three.





Because of that, after a short period of thought, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo embraced each other and launched the attack.





Not to mention a two ring Spirit Grandmaster, even a three ring Spirit Elder, if just one person, would be incapable of escaping the Inescapable Net.





The three black cauldrons were immediately swallowed by the net, Xiao Xiao made a sound and three instantaneous roars could be heard within the Inescapable Net.





Immediately, the Inescapable Net shuddered a bit. This was the ability that blocked Huang Chutian previously and also Xiao Xiao’s first ability from the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron: Cauldron’s Tremble.





This was different than before, instead of one, all three cauldrons were launched instantaneously, releasing the greatest level of power.





The secret of Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron was: When it is three-in-one, the defense is the highest; but when they are separate, their attack and spirit abilities are the greatest.





However, the Inescapable Net is a skill from Battle Spirit Fusion. Although Xiao Xiao’s Cauldron’s Tremble is very strong, it is still insignificant when compared to the Inescapable Net. After only a slight disturbance, the Inescapable Net attacked again and seemed to reach Xiao Xiao in an instant.





Just at this exact moment, Huo Yuhao yelled out loudly, “Wang Dong.”





The net that had already reached Xiao Xiao’s front seemed as if it had been intimidated to a halt by Huo Yuhao’s voice, unexpectedly having come to a stop. While within the depths of the net, strong blue and gold rays of light abruptly shone.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing were active from the very beginning. Although the circumstances within the net were hidden, Xiao Xiao could once more sense the amplification produced by Mental Sharing. At the same time as Huo Yuhao’s loud shout, she suddenly discovered, to her shock, the original scope of Mental Detection and Sharing was unexpectedly receiving control from the center. In a flash, it became one narrow probe, straightforwardly piercing into the net’s core.





Not only that, but Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power seemed to be fluctuating and rapidly rising. In addition, a type of power that she was incapable of understanding was mixing amidst the Spirit Power. In the next instant, Xiao Xiao only felt that something seemed to have swept across her mind. She merely felt a burst of dizziness in her brain.





Shortly after, the overwhelming Inescapable Net was defeated, retreating like a fading tide.





“Pop——”





Wang Dong fell to the ground panting, taking in mouthfuls of air. It is definitely shown that he has just undergone extreme exhaustion. The Lan sisters were even worse off; fallen to the ground unconscious.





Huo Yuhao’s complexion also looked extremely pale. So much so that he was incapable of continuing to maintain the linked Mental Detection and Sharing. Although he wasn’t breathing as heavily as Wang Dong, his chest was still unceasingly moving up and down.





At the edge of the arena, Wang Yan’s two eyes were wide open and inconceivably concentrated on the scene in front of him.





At the same time as when the Lan sisters had launched their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill, Inescapable Net, his face was already brimming with shock. He originally thought that Huo Yuhao’s trio’s loss was already determined. However, he didn’t expect this dramatic change to arise. At the moment the Inescapable Net was about to beat the enemies and win, Huo Yuhao’s team was able to unexpectedly reverse things in an instant.





What bothered Wang Yan the most was that he wasn’t able to see what Huo Yuhao’s team had done to reverse the situation. He was especially unable to understand Huo Yuhao. From Huo Yuhao’s pale complexion, as well as his previous loud shout, it could be concluded that he had definitely made a move. Furthermore, the splitting of the Inescapable Net was very likely to be the outcome of him making an all out effort. However, when all is said and done, how did he make a move? How had he split open the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill? Wang Yan was completely unable to imagine it.





Part 3





The battle had yet to end. Despite Huang Chutian seeing the Lan sisters falling to the ground, he was still shocked to see the Inescapable Net to fail at defeating the enemy. However, he was soon back to reality from the shock. Giving a low shout, he directly pounced at Wang Dong who was the closest in distance. It seemed to him that it was definitely Wang Dong who broke the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. Huo Yuhao merely had a single ten-year spirit ring and was unlikely to attract attention under any situation.





At this moment, Wang Dong was already getting close to power exhaustion. In the moment he saw Huang Chutian pouncing towards him, he flapped his pair of wings with difficulty and rapidly retreated. At the same time he shouted, “Xiao Xiao, We are now depending on you.”





“Leave it to me.” Xiao Xiao snorted. Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron had once more united after separating from the Inescapable Net. Even though she didn’t have the assistance of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, she naturally understood Huang Chutian’s big objective. The big cauldron moved horizontally to block in front of Wang Dong’s body to stop Huang Chutian’s attack.





Behind Xiao Xiao, Huo Yuhao immediately sat down cross-legged on the ground and was trying recover his Spirit Power through meditation. He had used too much energy just before. Fortunately, he is no longer on the eleventh spirit level, a second grade rookie. His cultivation of the Purple Demon Eye also had a qualitative leap, causing him to not completely drain his Spirit Power. But due to that moment’s sudden output, his brain received waves of dizziness, no longer able to maintain the sharing of Mental Detection and needed to restore his Spirit Power.





With Huo Yuhao’s ability, could he actually break a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill? Of course not, he is only a one ring Spirit Master. Admittedly, it is a powerful million-year spirit ring, but he was currently far from able to bring out the full might of the million-year spirit ring of the Daydream Iceworm.





There were many reasons combined that made it possible to rip apart the Inescapable Net. Among the reasons, Huo Yuhao played an extremely crucial role.





Wang Dong was able to have an immediate understanding when Huo Yuhao shouted at him, and so he continued to release his second spirit ability while he was inside the Inescapable Net. Naturally, his second spirit ability wasn’t able to cause the breaking of the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. However, his second spirit ring is a thousand-year spirit ring and therefore, quite powerful. Even if it wasn’t enough to break the Inescapable Net of the twins, it still caused an increase in the consumption of the two girls’ Spirit Power.





Right after that, Huo Yuhao was able to attack. Since his Mental Detection was blocked by the Inescapable Net, he decided to focus it in one direction. The strong mental wave was able to break the barrier of the Inescapable Net and succeed in detection within one direction.





When he found the Lan sisters, his Soul Assault was greatly enhanced under the Purple Demon Eye. That caused the dizziness which Xiao Xiao felt when Huo Yuhao launched the full attack.





This fact testified to the success of Huo Yuhao’s all out effort. The Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is definitely powerful, but it’s also not without flaws. The greatest flaw is that under their current level of cultivation, the skill is a bit too much for them to manage. They weren’t able to maintain it for very long anyways. Under the exhaustion of Wang Dong’s spirit ability, Huo Yuhao used the Soul Assault to target their bodies. The great mental waves were able to defeat their skill in an instant and the energy from the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill backfired to cause them to fall into a coma.





However, the Lan sisters were almost able to cause both Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao to lose their battle ability. From that, we can see the power of the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. In addition, although Huo Yuhao seemed weak, he still possess the million-year spirit ring!





Huang Chutian punched heavily towards the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron with both of his fists. This is once again his first spirit skill: Mighty King Kong Fists.





“Bang!” Black halo collided with the metal fists. Although the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron was sent back about three meters, Huang Chutian was still standing at the same spot. His body violently shook a bit.





Xiao Xiao’s Cauldron’s Tremble has a very strong stunning effect. It was not only able to hurt its direct enemy, but also stun all the enemies within a one meter radius.





Right after Huang Chutian was stunned, Xiao Xiao made a sound under her breath and waved both of her hands. The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron suddenly divided into three and encased Huang Chutian within the center.





The dizziness from the attack was brief. Huang Chutian quickly cleared his mind. This time, he didn’t attack right away, but rather took a while to observe the situation.





The Lan sisters had already fainted and totally lost the ability to attack. Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao, on the opposite team, also seemed to have lost their ability to fight. However, they were still conscience, which meant that they might join in the battle at any moment. The only possibility to win in this instance was to act fast.





Huang Chutian’s thought stopped there and gave a loud roar. He stomped both of his feet on the ground as he leaped up in air. At the same time, the two fists were clenched above his head and his second spirit ring gave off brilliant rays of light. Power Cannon was launched once more.





Xiao Xiao clamped her hands together as the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron transformed into three big cauldrons. They rose simultaneously and attacked towards the interior. She knows how powerful the Power Cannon is and therefore, absolutely couldn’t allow the opponent to launch the attack.





However, Huang Chutian gave a sly smile. His body, which was soaring in the air, suddenly flipped right in front of where the three cauldrons would meet. The positions of his head and feet were switched and he swung his pair of clenched fists with all his might. Immediately, a ball of yellow light was launched and headed straight for Xiao Xiao.





Self defense is an innate ability. Huang Chutian was unable to believe that Xiao Xiao is willing for both of them to get hurt. So long as she controlled the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron to return to protect herself and defend against his attack, there is a possibility for Huang Chutian’s victory.





Indeed, Huang Chutan’s plan was made very well. If Xiao Xiao wanted to resist his Power Cannon, then she would definitely need to unite the three cauldrons. If that was the case, Huang Chutian would have sufficient time to take the advantage of getting closer. Regardless of whom among the three he was to attack, they would all find it very difficult to withstand him.





However, a split second before Huang Chutian had made his move, suddenly, he felt as if his vision had become vague and unclear. Power Cannon was released, but unexpectedly at a crooked angle…..





The ball of yellow light flew out at a tilted angle and was followed by a loud bang. It made an explosive smash against the boards used by the examination area to separate the districts. The adjacent district’s students, who were currently taking the examination, couldn’t help but look with shock at their side.





At this moment, the outcome of the battle was already clear.





Xiao Xiao had intended to have the three cauldrons unite and return to defend. However, just after they united, the big cauldron flew back and once again attacked Huang Chutian. Merely seeing Xiao Xiao’s second spirit ring twinkling, Huang Chutian was wrapped up in a layer of black light and directly flew out of the arena. Nevertheless, Wang Yan reached out with one hand and caught him. Only this prevented him from flying an even greater distance.





That black light continues to linger around him. It took more than three seconds for Huang Chutian to regain his mobility.





Part 4





Against a single target, Cauldron Tremble will not only have a powerful destructive force but can also stun the opponent; so it can be considered a control ability. Just with these two abilities, Xiao Xiao was fully deserving of being called a control type Battle Spirit Master.





Xiao Xiao was unable to guess that her opponent’s attack would deviate, so the reason she changed from defense to attack was because she once more received Huo Yuhao’s support.





Only, she didn’t know that in that split second, what Huo Yuhao had released was three abilities at the same time. These three spirit abilities also completely used up his Spirit Power.





Among these three abilities, the one that Huo Yuhao used first in the midst of battle was Mental Disturbance; an all encompassing ranged attack ability.





Compared to Soul Assault, Mental Disturbance’s strength seemed much weaker. But don’t forget, it was an area effect ability. In addition, Mental Disturbance’s impact was very gentle and affects opponents without them knowing. Otherwise, how could Huang Chutian’s Power Cannon, which had a homing ability, miss?





Wang Yan said, “Team Huo Yuhao wins.” While saying so, he was somewhat unable to make sense of what was going on as he let go of Huang Chutian. In addition, he followed Huang Chutian to the Lan sisters’ side, where he used Spirit Power to help them regain consciousness.





After the Lan sisters awoke, they could only feel splitting headaches. It seemed as if there were thousands of steel needles stabbing into their brains.





Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault has become more and more powerful. Even the six-ringed Ma Xiaotao had been slightly affected, let alone them. Adding in the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill’s consumption of Spirit Power, this battle was a major loss for Team Huang Chutian. At least for today, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo would definitely be unable to recover their fighting potential. Afterwards, they would still have to face four matches!





The situation on the side of Huo Yuhao’s team was a little better compared to their opponents. In any case, they were, once again, victorious. Moreover, what Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao had consumed was only Spirit Power and they hadn’t sustained any injuries. They should be able to rest for at least two matches’ worth of time. However, in the next few examination matches, Xiao Xiao would have to become the main force whether she wanted to or not.





Wang Dong supported the weakened Huo Yuhao and they went to the edge of the field. Xiao Xiao also followed them over and said with uncertainty, “Class President, how did his attack miss before?”





Huo Yuhao gave a bitter laugh and said, “Before talking about this, let us quickly meditate to recover Spirit Power. We’re exhausted greatly from this first match and we still have four more. We can only pray that other people also consume an equal amount.”





After speaking, he promptly crossed his legs to meditate.





It wasn’t only Xiao Xiao who was uncertain. Wang Dong was equally harboring doubt in his heart. Different from Xiao Xiao, Wang Dong was baffled as to why the Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion Skill was so easily dispelled. If their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill could only be supported for such a brief period of time, then was there any need to use it? The answer was clearly no. However, they used it and it quickly collapsed after the release of his thousand-year spirit ability. What was going on? When thinking of Huo Yuhao’s loud shout, he felt that there was something amiss, but he couldn’t understand what it was.





Altogether, six teams were participating in the examination. After the conclusion of the match on Huo Yuhao’s trio’s side, the second match immediately began.





After the Freshman Examination reallocated students, it had already entered the latter half of the examination. It was also the most important time to fight for points. Every extra victory meant a higher probability of remaining here. As a result, regardless of which team it was, all of them had started making an all out effort.





The previous collision between Team Huo Yuhao and Team Huang Chutian caused the other four teams to be extremely shocked. They all knew that they didn’t have that kind of strength and would naturally have to try their hardest to get points in other matches. The first match was a fierce one that ended with both teams hurt and also made this group’s examination more complex.





Very quickly, the first cycle of three matches concluded. Like Huo Yuhao had hoped, the other four teams’ consumption were also of a considerable amount. After all, it wasn’t just today that they were consuming Spirit Power. Yesterday’s four continuous matches had also exhausted them greatly! They were never able to recover to their top conditions.





As the seeded team, when the second round began, Huo Yuhao’s trio was once again the first ones to be sent out. This time, their opponents were three students from class four.





The two teams went to their positions after reporting in. Huo Yuhao’s side showed an obvious change in positioning. Xiao Xiao stood in the front with Huo Yuhao behind her and the strength type Battle Spirit Master Wang Dong behind both of them. Moreover, before Wang Yan announced the start of the next match, he already firmly sat on the floor and actually started meditating on the battlefield.





It was Huo Yuhao who assigned him this task to ensure that he can restore the previously consumed Spirit Power. Only with Wang Dong recovered to his top condition could they stand a chance to win the round robin competition.





“Xiao Xiao, good luck ” Huo Yuhao whispered.





“Rest assured, Class President. We will win.”





With Wang Yan announcing the start of the match, both sides simultaneously released their Battle Spirits. From observations, Huo Yuhao’s group knew that this group has three agility attack type Spirit Masters who took the speed route.





Immediately, the opposing party’s three agility attack type Spirit Masters simultaneously dashed forward, following three different paths, toward Xiao Xiao.





They all saw Wang Dong sitting on the ground, meditating. How could they let go of this opportunity when the strongest, strength type Battle Spirit Master, had lost his battle potential? Although the consumption from before wasn’t small, they made an all out assault from the start.





Wang Yan stood at the side of the arena with his gaze closely concentrated on Huo Yuhao without relaxing even one bit. He was convinced that without Wang Dong’s help, it would be impossible to defeat the three opponents by relying on Xiao Xiao. Those were three agility attack type Spirit Masters after all! He had to think of a way to make out how Huo Yuhao made his move and how he released his spirit ability.





Huo Yuhao’s eyes shone and although the dim golden rays of light weren’t distinct, Wang Yan was able to see it clearly at last. However, to Spirit Masters, a change in eye color when releasing Battle Spirits was merely a common occurrence. Wang Yan also saw the common, white ring beneath Huo Yuhao’s feet, but he still couldn’t make out what Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit was.





At this moment, those three agility attack type Spirit Masters had already made a move. They were coming from three different directions with different speeds. There was a gap between the two who threw themselves in front of Xiao Xiao while the other one bypassed her from the side, wanting to directly mount a sneak attack on Huo Yuhao from the back. They had considerable compatibility and mutual understanding.





Xiao Xiao’s gaze was looking straight ahead from the very beginning, as if she was ignoring them in general. She lifted her hands above her head and made a motion as if she was supporting the sky. In a flash, Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron flew out and split into three in the air. At the same time, the three people were greeted by three opponents who faced them in their paths.





A shocking scene appeared as Xiao Xiao didn’t use her eyes to attentively watch the situation. Her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron which was divided from one into three separately obstructed the three agility attack type Spirit Masters from advancing on their paths. The three agility attack type Spirit Masters were all at the peak of one ringed Spirit Masters with Spirit Power all approximately at the nineteenth level. Since they used their full strength to move, their speed was extremely fast as a result and they couldn’t change their tactics. They could only forcibly knock against those three big, immovable cauldrons.





Chapter 20 – Haodong Spirit Fusion

Part 1





Not only did the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron arrive quickly, it was also very sudden, and the three agility type Spirit Masters did not get the chance to use any spirit abilities. To everyone watching, it was remarkable that Xiao Xiao could split her attention in three different tasks. The three separated parts were able to release their spirit abilities at suitable times when the opponents rapidly approached at different speeds.





Xiao Xiao let them see a shocking scene. Three roars sounded and three Cauldron Tremors activated in different locations.





All of them were activated when they collided with the agility Spirit Masters. The three agility Spirit Masters were stunned as their bodies bounced away. They did not have the ability to change their bodies like strength type Spirit Masters and were stunned for much longer than Huang Chutian in the previous fight. Three Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldrons chased after them and collided against them once again.





“Pong, pong, pong.” In three directions, they met their opponents. In three directions, they triumphed. Three figures were hit out of the field.





Three rays of black light rose again and became one above Xiao Xiao’s head before disappearing as she retracted her Battle Spirit.





The field was completely silent. With Xiao Xiao as the main force, this win was even more shocking than the previous. The entire battle lasted less than half a minute. With only her own power, Xiao Xiao took on three agility types as opponents and didn’t let a single one charge past the half field point. She fought them in three different locations and won in all three.





Wang Yan had personally seen all of Team Huo Yuhao’s previous battles. In his heart, the strongest in this team was obviously Wang Dong, the mysterious was Huo Yuhao and even though Xiao Xiao’s Battle Spirit was pretty good, it was half support, half control and fell below the others.





But in this one instant, Xiao Xiao’s power proved to Wang Yan that she also held an important position in this team. Wang Yan couldn’t have imagined that an eleven year old girl could be so calm on the battlefield and accurately determine every opponent’s path to counter. Even a four-ring control type Spirit Ancestor may not be able to accomplish such smooth transitions from defending, control and retreat. How did this little girl accomplish it?





The other teams had thought that they finally had a chance with Huo Yuhao’s team greatly exhausting their Spirit Power. But it turned out that their group had two people who could fight against opponents solo! Way too strong.





However, the overall weaker Team Huang Chutian was not so lucky. Even though the Lan sisters woke from their coma, they still had splitting headaches and also lacked Spirit Power so they couldn’t enter the field. Huang Chutian could only continue the competition by himself.





Huang Chutian had greatly expended his Spirit Power before and was injured by Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wings. Also, in a one versus three, everyone’s attention was focused on him. Before, Xiao Xiao also fought one versus three but had Huo Yuhao’s help in the back and distracted the opponents’ attention.





Because of this, Huang Chutian was in a tragic state. After enduring the second match for a while, he was defeated and let his team receive a second loss.





The rest of the matches, for Huo Yuhao’s trio, entered a virtuous cycle. No one wanted to fight against them directly to save their strength against others. In the next three rounds, they won very easily. By the time the fourth round started, Wang Dong’s Spirit Power had almost completely recovered. With him and Xiao Xiao standing in front of Huo Yuhao, the opponents only pretended to resist before admitting defeat.





In the end, as representatives of class one, Team Huo Yuhao won all ten matches in the round robin stage and received the highest grade in their district.





Huang Chutian’s team still had a strong foundation. After losing two rounds in a row, the Lan sisters recovered a little and re-entered the battlefield to allow Huang Chutian to reveal his overpowering strength once again. Against exhausted opponents in the next three matches, they were finally able to continuously obtain victories and obtained the score of seven wins in ten matches. Entering the top 64 shouldn’t be a big problem.





With the end of the round robin matches, Wang Yan couldn’t control himself anymore.





“Huo Yuhao, you three stay a little.” The rest of the teams went back to rest but Huo Yuhao’s trio were told to remain.





“Teacher Wang.” Huo Yuhao arrived in front of Wang Yan.





Wang Yan nodded and smiled. “Congratulations for your complete victory in the Freshman Examination round robin matches. There is probably less than ten teams who can obtain a score like this. You guys are really powerful. But, I have been wondering, Huo Yuhao, as team captain, what is your Battle Spirit? Even though I can’t see what you did in battle, I believe that you are this team’s score. I am not mistaken, right?”





Huo Yuhao paused a moment then shyly responded, “You flatter me Teacher Wang. The reason we were able to obtain such a good score is because of Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s great potentials. I am simply a ride-along. You have seen that I only have a ten-year spirit ring.”





Wang Yan smiled, “You don’t need to be so modest. If you didn’t have enough strength, I don’t think Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao would let you be the leader. Also, I have investigated your performance in the last three months. Do you know what other students call you?”





Huo Yuhao paused and shook his head.





“They call you ‘Iron-willed Yuhao’ because you have a determination as hard as iron. Even though your potential is lacking, you tried the hardest and became class one’s role model. However, I couldn’t find out what your Battle Spirit is, so I wanted to see your Battle Spirit and spirit ability to prove my own abilities. I can’t help but admit that I lost. From start to finish, I still could not figure out what your Battle Spirit is. And I could not discover what spirit ability you used. I could see your white, ten-year spirit ring glow every battle but not see what the effects of your spirit ability was. Can you help me clear this mystery?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Teacher Wang, my Battle Spirit is Spirit Eyes, a mental attribute Battle Spirit. As for my spirit ability, please let me keep it a secret. We will still have more matches in the examination.” His Battle Spirit is not a great secret in the Academy, and there were many who knew about it. If this Teacher Wang really wanted to know, then he was bound to find out. So why be so stingy? As for spirit ability, he did not want to say more.





Part 2





“Spirit Eyes? Your Battle Spirit is Spirit Eyes?” Wang Yan’s reaction was much more extreme than Huo Yuhao had imagined. After hearing Huo Yuhao’s explanation, he was so emotional that he almost jumped up, and he looked at Huo Yuhao with a face full of excitement.





Huo Yuhao blanked, “Teacher Wang, why are you so excited?”





Wang Yan grabbed his shoulders with both hands, “Tell me first, is your Battle Spirit your eyes?”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Yes!”





Wang Yan breathed in deeply with a nervous attitude, “Then are you part of the Body Clan?”





“Body Clan? Teacher Wang, I have never heard of it.”





A touch of ecstasy blossomed in Wang Yan’s eyes as he released Huo Yuhao, “Wonderful. This is wonderful. Haha. I can’t imagine that our Shrek Academy would gain such a great bargain. No wonder your ten-year spirit ring can have such a huge effect. So it was a body type Battle Spirit. Too bad. If you came to the academy earlier, then no matter what, I would at least help you get a first spirit ring that reached your limits!”





Seeing Wang Yan’s ecstatic attitude, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but look toward Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. Before, he and Wang Dong had already encountered the unreasonable Evil Fire Pheonix, Ma Xiaotao. Teacher Wang had been very normal before but how did he suddenly become like this? This made Huo Yuhao remember Teacher Xiao Ya and Elder Brother’s words. In Shrek Academy, there were not many monster students left but still has quite a few monster teachers.





Wang Yan breathed in deeply and calmed the shock and happiness in his heart. “Okay. Huo Yuhao, you guys go back and rest. I will come find you later.” Right after, he turned and quickly left.





Watching his figure, Xiao Xiao said in a low voice, “Could this teacher be sick?”





Huo Yuhao frowned and said, “Don’t talk about a teacher like this.”





Wang Dong came next to Huo Yuhao and said, “He probably lost his composure because of your Body Battle Spirit. I heard at home before that there were very few people who possessed body type Battle Spirits, but I have never heard of the Body Clan.”





Huo Yuhao shook his head and smiled. “Whatever. I think Teacher Wang will probably come find me later. Shouldn’t we celebrate after obtaining a complete victory? Let me treat you guys to some good food at the cafeteria.”





Xiao Xiao eagerly said, “Maybe not the cafeteria. Class President, I still haven’t tried your roast fish. No matter what, you need to fulfill this small desire of mine today.”





Huo Yuhao laughed. “No problem. It’s still early. Lets go back to the dorm and rest a bit, then meet in front of the dormitory door at night. Since we shouldn’t have anything important tomorrow, let us rest a bit before the start of the elimination matches.”





The three returned to the dormitory together. Xiao Xiao went upstairs. For the male students, female dorms were a forbidden zone.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong returned to their room together. What surprised him was that Wang Dong seemed to have something important on his mind.





“What’s wrong, Wang Dong? What are you thinking about?” Huo Yuhao sat on the bed and asked.





Wang Dong said gravely, “Yuhao, I am thinking about what happened in our first match today. Even though my thousand-year spirit ability has an incredible power, the opponent still used a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill! That time, I felt your Mental Detection and Sharing become concentrated and detected the interior area of their fusion skill but didn’t share it to me. Right after, their spirit dissipated. What did you do?”





As he said this, he lifted his head and looked at Huo Yuhao with shining eyes.





Huo Yuhao’s heart jumped. He knew that it would be hard to sneak it past Wang Dong. He was different from Teacher Wang Yan. They have been cultivating together for a long time as roommates and they understood each other very well. It may be possible to get past him with a lie, but it would definitely make Wang Dong hold a grudge against him.





So, Huo Yuhao didn’t answer him immediately but hesitated and thought deeply.





Of course he can’t tell the truth. The existence of the million-year Spirit Beast, Daydream Iceworm, is too shocking. No matter who it is, such information would cause unforeseeable consequences. If he tells Wang Dong the truth, it might hurt him later. But, what should he do if he doesn’t tell the truth?





Suddenly, four characters flashed through Huo Yuhao’s mind. Eyes brightening, he thought of an idea.





“Wang Dong,” Huo Yuhao lifted his head, showing his eyes with seriousness.





Wang Dong had never seen Huo Yuhao like this and suddenly widened his eyes, “Could it be that you have some kind of trump card?”





Huo Yuhao stared into his eyes and couldn’t help but blanked a moment because Wang Dong’s eyes were just too beautiful. Long eyelashes curled up; a pair of dark, wide eyes that showed only a little white at the sides; the curious gaze made his eyes seem as if they could talk.





Huo Yuhao sighed in his heart. No wonder so many female students were mesmerized by him. He really did look good!





“It can’t be counted as a trump card. It’s a secret of a body type Battle Spirit. I had only discovered it recently.” Huo Yuhao said with a low voice.





Wang Dong was surprised, “A body type Battle Spirit secret?”





Huo Yuhao nodded. “You just said before that body type Battle Spirits are very rare. The reality is just as you said. Also, our body type Battle Spirits have something special. Since I started cultivating the Tang Clan’s Purple Demon Eye, I found that my Spirit Eyes seemed to have began changing. When I focus my Mental Detection and Sharing in a single direction, if I want, I concentrate my mental power into a single point and strike out with it like a mental attack. I tried it against small animals within the academy and it really worked. I was really pressured today, so I tried it during battle. I didn’t know that the effect would be this good either. Maybe the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo used was originally weak and was weakened even more by your thousand-year spirit ability. Then it was hit by my Purple Demon Eye’s mental attack and collapsed. However, their coma probably doesn’t have anything to do with me. Remember in class, teacher had said that battle spirit fusion exhausts a lot of energy, so after using it, there would usually be a rebound. The more powerful the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill, the stronger the rebound. Even the lightest rebound would still cause severe weakness. Since they used their Battle Spirit Fusion today, I estimate that they probably won’t be able to use it again for a while.”





Wang Dong’s eyes widened, “So you mean that due to the effects of Purple Demon Eye, you are now able to directly release a mental assault like a spirit ability?”





Part 3





Huo Yuhao put a finger on his lips. “Be quiet. Do you want other people to know? This is my biggest secret and I still told you.”





From a certain perspective, what Huo Yuhao said was not a lie. Of course, it was also not the whole truth. It’s all because the existence of a million-year Spirit Beast is too shocking. Now that he found a suitable source for his Soul Assault, Huo Yuhao relaxed. He knew that along with studying in Shrek Academy, there will be many different types of examinations in the future. To deal with them, he wouldn’t be able to keep Soul Assault hidden. Since it was inevitable that he will reveal it, he might as well use what he just told Wang Dong, which is more than perfect.





Wang Dong looked at Huo Yuhao with shock, “A body type Battle Spirit can be this powerful? It can even evolve its own ability.”





Huo Yuhao scratched his head, “This isn’t much. Your Bright Goddess Butterfly can naturally fly. It can also increase the height you can fly as your cultivation increases. This type of innate ability should be a Battle Spirit’s natural characteristic.”





Wang Dong thought a moment,”No, not the same. You’re right, my Bright Goddess Butterfly’s flying ability is innate. But your mental assault attack is because it evolved after coming in contact with Purple Demon Eyes. It means as a body type Battle Spirit, a variant Battle Spirit, your Spirit Eyes has a natural ability to evolve. This is something my Bright Goddess Butterfly can never compare to. Maybe in the future, you will be able to evolve another ability.”





Huo Yuhao laughed, “It really can’t be counted as an ability. The more accurate description should be that my Spirit Eyes can continuously increase my mental power and create an effect using my mental power with the support of Purple Demon Eye.”





Wang Dong nodded, “If you say it like this, then I understand. Just like how my Spirit Power can be purified and compressed to attack and defend. It’s just that your mental power has no shape and no expression so it is harder to discover when you use it. I didn’t think that it would have this magical effect.”





With the doubts in his heart answered, Wang Dong showed a sign of relief within his pair of beautiful and big eyes. However, he became excited quickly once again and said: “Huo Yuhao, that pair of twins’ Battle Spirit Fusion Skill was really strong. Even if we had three rings, I’m afraid we would still have lost today! Although Batte Spirit Fusion Skill can’t last for long, it’s still immensely powerful, with a strong erupting power. It can be said to be the top-notch ability of Spirit Masters. As their Spirit Power increases in the future, their skill will be able to last even longer. Then, it would be very difficult for someone of the same level to defeat them. It would be good if we also had this kind of skill.”





Hu Yuhao laughed and said, “Stop dreaming. How can we be so lucky? I still remember teacher saying before that Battle Spirit Fusion Skill requires both parties’ Battle Spirits to have extremely high compatibility in order for it to appear. Not a single one may have it among a thousand. In cases where two people’s Battle Spirits have high compatibility, when the two parties meet there would be a reaction to some extent. We have lived together for three months. Did you experience a resonating feeling with me? In any case, I haven’t.”





What surprised him was that Wang Dong lowered his head after hearing this, as if thinking of something. Moreover, his face somewhat reddened a bit.





“What happened?” Huo Yuhao probingly asked.





Wang Dong seemed to have made up his mind and once more began to raise his head. He carried an odd expression as he looked at Huo Yuhao. He stated seriously, “Since you have even told me your Body Spirit’s secret, it wouldn’t be right for me to continue hiding the truth. In fact, my ability has always been somewhat hidden as well as my aura.”





“Eh?”This time it was Huo Yuhao’s turn to be shocked. Wang Dong’s strength was obvious to all. The Bright Goddess Butterfly’s great power had already fully displayed in the Freshman Examination. In ten matches, even Wang Dong’s second spirit ability was only used once, just with no one seeing what it looked like. Right now, he was unexpectedly saying that he still had a hidden strength. How can this not shock Huo Yuhao?





Wang Dong said, “Although you can’t perceive my body’s aura, I felt very close to yours when you first used Mental Detection and Sharing. The reason why my body’s aura doesn’t disperse beyond the scope of my body is because it’s receiving the restriction of my body’s other power. Only by keeping close to my body can you truly perceive the existence of my aura. Do you want to try?”





“Keeping our bodies together? How?” Huo Yuhao dim-wittedly asked.





Wang Dong suddenly became angry, “Idiot. Hugging should be enough right?”





Huo Yuhao gave a chuckle and said, “So it’s like this! You should’ve said so. Do we have to undress?”





“No need!” Wang Dong got a shock.





Huo Yuhao laughed and said, “Then come.” While saying so, he naturally opened his arms like he was going to embrace Wang Dong.





Wang Dong was somewhat dazed. He watched as Huo Yuhao came closer and closer. He didn’t have a bit of Huo Yuhao’s willingness. His body unconsciously tightened and his entire person seemed to have entered a special kind of stiff mode.





Huo Yuhao very naturally hugged Wang Dong. In his eyes, this was a hug between friends. Wasn’t this very normal? However, when he really hugged Wang Dong, his feelings somewhat changed.





He suddenly recalled that this was the first time that they had come in contact so intimately. He once more remembered seeing Wang Dong’s figure before.





Originally, he had been under the impression that since everyone was a Spirit Master and was diligently training their physical capability and Spirit Power everyday, Wang Dong’s body should be like his. Buff and full of muscle.





However, when he actually hugged Wang Dong, it was completely different from what he had imagined. Although Wang Dong’s body had elasticity, it was also extremely soft. Unexpectedly having a soft and seemingly boneless feel. Moreover, his body also had a faint and fragrant smell. Their heights were about the same. Huo Yuhao was hugging Wang Dong with his face at the side of his neck. His mind wavered as his chin reached Wang Dong’s slender neck, giving him a smooth and sleek feel.





Huo Yuhao really wanted to sigh, but he also felt that something wasn’t right. With his age, he was still quite lacking with regards to knowledge in some fields. He also didn’t think too much of it and only thought that hugging Wang Dong was even more comfortable than he had imagined.





“How are you feeling?” Wang Dong almost stammered. He didn’t hug back but rather let Huo Yuhao hug him. His and Huo Yuhao’s feelings were different. Huo Yuhao’s body was very firm and also had a masculine smell. There was a slight bit of a faint, juvenile smell of sweat. This kind of experience made Wang Dong’s beautiful face blush a deep red.





“Pretty good. Very comfortable.” Huo Yuhao subconsciously answered as he truly felt.





Wang Dong blanked and his stiff expression suddenly became angry. “Idiot, did I let you hug me to feel comfortable? I was letting you sense my Battle Spirit’s aura.”





Part 4





“Uh… I forgot. Let me hug you a little longer and I’ll try.” Although Huo Yuhao felt somewhat embarrassed, he immediately tightened his embrace.





When Wang Dong felt Huo Yuhao use more strength, he subconsciously let out a croon and wanted to push him away, but resisted. His hands grasped Huo Yuhao’s clothes along the waist and he closed his mouth tightly as if full of grievances.





Huo Yuhao slowly gathered his own Spirit Power while closely feeling Wang Dong’s aura. However, when he hugged Wang Dong tighter, his first feeling was the deepening of a fragrance. Wang Dong’s body seemed to have tightened but was still very soft.





Gradually, Huo Yuhao finally sensed the fluctuating aura of Wang Dong’s body. It was a rich and radiant kind of aura. It was comfortably warm and it stimulated the Spirit Power in his body to slowly circulate. It was an indescribable comfortableness. What made him even more surprised was that within this layer of fluctuating, radiant aura was an even stronger life aura. Afterwards, there was a type of thick, calm aura.





Wang Dong’s aura unexpectedly changed three times in succession, but every time it changed, it made his feelings of intimacy strengthen a bit. When he could feel the last change in the aura in Wang Dong’s body, the Spirit Power in his body was surprisingly already beginning to autonomously circulate along Mysterious Heaven Skill’s paths.





This, this is……





Huo Yuhao slowly widened his eyes and Wang Dong was equally surprised. After being hugged tightly by Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong’s body seemed to produce a layer of faint golden current, then this layer of faint gold gradually changed to blue-gold and, at last, became dark gold.





The color also changed three times; like the mysterious fluctuation Huo Yuhao felt after his aura changed three times.





Wang Dong was much more experienced than Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao could only feel his aura but Wang Dong observed everything. He found that Huo Yuhao’s body had also started glowing. First, a faint white current, warm, deep, and carried a great tolerance to change. When his own aura came in contact with this white aura, he felt an indescribable comfortableness. Huo Yuhao’s aura seemed to cover everything and fused with his own aura perfectly.





Right after, Huo Yuhao’s aura started to change as well. The deep and soft aura gradually began to cool. A faint, ice feeling flowed out of him but was filled with an infinite life force. It perfectly fused with Wang Dong’s life aura. Even though one is the life aura from nature and the other, an infinite and ancient frost, they both shared an endless life which let them fuse again. This made their auras became closer attuned.





At the end, the color surrounding Wang Dong’s body suddenly changed to dark gold and the ice blue surrounding Huo Yuhao became grey.





This grey color was faint, very faint. But, Wang Dong was surprised to feel its depth, its stability even surpassed his own dark gold color.





Yes, Huo Yuhao’s aura also changed three times. Also, each change fused perfectly with Wang Dong’s aura.





Wang Dong’s hands that grasped Huo Yuhao’s clothes slowly relaxed and hugged him. Just then, their hearts were emptied of distractions and fully submerged into the other’s aura’s wonderful changes.





The three different auras continuously changed and their own bodies’ Spirit Power started circulating as well. With time, it circulated even faster and the exchange between the three auras increased as well.





Different colored auras continuously circulated their bodies. The colors were actually very faint and could only be detected by each other.





They still haven’t realized the significance of this situation but calmly hugged each other to silently feel this magical and comfortable feeling.





Gradually, both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong felt the other’s body merge into themselves. This feeling was really wonderful. Their souls seemed to follow this and sublimated.





Just then, a coolness appeared in Huo Yuhao’s sea of consciousness and a familiar voice sounded.





“Such good fortune? It can’t be.”





This suddenly appearing voice surprised Huo Yuhao and allowed him to regain some clarity from that wonderful feeling. He subconsciously loosened his grip.





That voice quickly chided, “Hug tighter, idiot.”





Huo Yuhao immediately tightened his arms. He had complete trust in this voice since he had already determined that this voice came from the Daydream Iceworm.





Yes, Daydream Iceworm finally woke after many months of deep sleep because of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s hug.





However, he quickly returned to his deep sleep. Moments later, his voice once again sounded in Huo Yuhao’s mind, “From now on, do as I tell you. I can’t imagine that there would be someone in the world who matched your aura perfectly. This is very hard to understand. No, this should be impossible! But, you did it. To you, this can’t be a better encounter. Make sure you seize it and it will make your future infinitely brighter.”





HUo Yuhao subconsciously thought, “Brother Daydream, what is happening between Wang Dong and me? Who is someone who can fuse with my aura completely?”





Daydream Iceworm said, “Simply said, the current relationship between you two is just like that of husband and wife for you humans. One is Yin and the other is Yang. Two completely identical types of auras with each representing yin and yang. After combining with each other, you’ll be one completely harmonious yin and yang body. You’ll certainly be able to burst out massive power. It seems to be a situation which you Spirit Masters call Spirit Fusion. In other words, you and the guy you’re hugging’s Battle Spirits have perfect compatibility. Also, Spirit Fusion has different degrees. Normally, it requires more than fifty percent for fusion to occur. However, your fusion is one hundred percent. What shocks brother more is that with you two, there is actually a three Battle Spirit fusion. This is not simply a miracle, it’s abnormal!”





“Three Battle Spirit Fusion?” Huo Yuhao stated blankly. “How can that be possible? Wang Dong only has a single Battle Spirit, called the Bright Goddess Butterfly! I also only have two Battle Spirits and the second hasn’t even taken form.”





Daydream Iceworm said with frustration, “Would he have told you how many Battle Spirits he has? If it were me, I wouldn’t say it either! As for you, yes, you originally only possessed one Battle Spirit yourself. Then I gave you an ice Battle Spirit. That would be two. But remember you also have that little grey ball. That mysterious guy with an inexplicable origin. Even though he looks weak now, I don’t think it would be impossible to swallow him no matter what. He actually also became a strange type of Battle Spirit. As for what is going on with this guy, even your brother’s million years of experience can’t understand. He doesn’t seem to be able to obtain any spirit rings, but his innate soul energy makes me scared. I don’t know what it really is. If he can really become your Battle Spirit in the future, then I also can’t imagine what he would look like. But this Battle Spirit that can’t be called a Battle Spirit actually managed to fuse with this little guy you’re hugging. How can it not make brother surprised?”





Huo Yuhao said with shock, “That means, Wang Dong also has three innate Battle Spirits?”





Chapter 21 – Triple Innate Battle Spirit Fusion?

Part 1





Daydream Iceworm faintly said, “Idiot. Of course. Think about it. Even dual innate Battle Spirits would not, at what you humans call level twenty, support a thousand-year spirit ring’s oppressing power. It’s only because he has three Battle Spirits and every single Battle Spirit improves his physique, that allowed him to obtain a thousand-year spirit ring at level twenty. The guy you’re hugging, using the way you humans put it, is a genius that rarely appears even in ten thousand years.”





Huo Yuhao absolutely didn’t think that Wang Dong was unexpectedly born with three Battle Spirits. No wonder, no wonder when he faced Xiao Xiao before, he said that if it was 1 vs 1, Xiao Xiao definitely wouldn’t be his equal. No wonder he had such self-confidence. At only the two ring level, he had never seen Wang Dong display a respectful attitude towards anyone. He didn’t expect that his innate talent was this much greater.





“Foolish kid. What do you have to be shocked about? From a different interpretation, you can also be said to have three innate Battle Spirits! Moreover, don’t forget, your first spirit ring is unparalleled throughout history, a million-year spirit ring. I can confirm that on the entire Douluo continent, you absolutely cannot find a second million-year Spirit Beast. That’s why, although he’s an exceptional genius, you are the most unique. Have some confidence in yourself. Like right now, with the presence of the first intelligent spirit ring in history, you will be able to take the initiative in the Spirit Fusion. Relax your body and leave everything to me.”





As he spoke, a current of cool air began to circulate through his body from his head. As the air spread, his perception of the surrounding area increased greatly.





It was almost as if he had used Mental Detection. Everything within the room became three dimensional with changing colors. Huo Yuhao was finally able to see the color changes on Wang Dong’s body. Gold, blueish gold, and dark gold sparkles alternatively. In contrast, white, ice-blue, and gray colors alternated continuously within his own body.





Just like what the Daydream Iceworm had said, their Battle Spirits were extremely compatible. Whenever the color changes to white on Huo Yuhao’s body, Wang Dong’s body radiated with gold. Then ice-blue would match blue gold, and gray with dark gold.





The three pairs of colors showed great coordination.





However, when the Daydream Iceworm began his action, Huo Yuhao’s eyes turned into a pale ice-blue color. Unlike the time he defeated Mao Xiaotao’s Phoenix Fire, the Daydream Iceworm only injected a tiny amount of power into his sea of consciousness and did not directly control his body. This only guided the changes of Huo Yuhao’s aura.





Gradually, it could be seen that the aura around Huo Yuhao’s body became stronger. In this uncontrolled Spirit Fusion, when one side’s aura changes, it will lead to a change in the other’s as well.





The aura from Wang Dong’s body strengthened a bit. Just around this time, a strong wave of mental current was released from Huo Yuhao’s body and stunned both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, causing them both to faint at almost the same time. Their bodies also fell on Wang Dong’s fur covered bed.





Daydream Iceworm’s evil laughter began to sound. “Next, it’s Ge’s turn. Battle Spirit Fusion also has the division of primary and secondary. Let’s occupy the dominant position so we can take some advantage. Hey… This little guy named Wang Dong is surprisingly….In that case, I guess I’ll take less advantages.”





Strings of ice blue silk started flowing out of Huo Yuhao’s ten finger tips, quickly wrapping both his and Wang Dong’s body within. Through careful observance, it could be seen that these silk threads were all formed by Spirit Power, and definitely not Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power. Based on his cultivation, he still has a long way to go before he would be able to materialize Spirit Power.





Gradually, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, still in their embrace, had already become a huge cocoon.





Daydream Iceworm is still a silkworm and silkworms form cocoons as their natural ability. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s auras were completely captured within the ice-blue cocoon; constantly moving and changing within.





The Daydream Iceworm said proudly, “Done. Let them continue. Perfect fusion. A hundred percent. Three Battle Spirit Fusion. I’m not going to believe that I can’t force that gray coward out! If you come out of your hiding, I’ll battle you for three hundred rounds. Hehehe.”





Within the dorm room, everything quieted down again. Only the ice-blue cocoon sparkled with a strange light. Outside of the cocoon, there wasn’t even a tiny bit of spirit waves to be detected. And as for the two people within, they were sleeping very deeply.





Time passed minute by minute. This was the only day that Huo Yuhao did not sell his roast fish.





Xiao Xiao waited for both of them for a long time but did not see them leave the dormitory. Like how male students are unable to enter the female dorms, female students are also not allowed in the male dorms. In frustration, she went back to her dorm to rest.





Tang Ya dragged Beibei to the gate of Shrek academy for Huo Yuhao’s roasted fish. Huo Yuhao never showed up, but they were not very surprised. They have all heard about the Freshmen Examination. Even though every year was different, this year was said to be especially difficult! They also have not heard about Huo Yuhao’s team’s performance during the examination. If Huo Yuhao didn’t show up to roast fish, he must just have been too tired. Therefore, they didn’t think too much and went back to their dorms after waiting a short while.





They were not the only ones disappointed by Huo Yuhao’s absence. Today, Jiang Nannan also showed up. Unfortunately, everyone could only leave with disappointment in the end.





However, no one knows just how important this moment was for Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. After being roommates for the past three months, it was on this day that their relationship had a fundamental change.





……





Sea God Lake, Center Island, Lakefront.





Teacher Wang Yan, who was just proctoring the Freshmen Examination before, now stood here. However, there is an unusual sense of respect displayed on his face.





Not far before him, a tousled elder sat there with an untidy look. His originally white robe had turned gray with many holes. His hair was also very unkept. His bare feet soaked in the clear lake water and he held a huge gourd in his right hand.





The gourd was purplish red in color and of unknown material. From time to time, he would drink from it and moments later, the sweet scent of alcohol would spread. His other hand held a roasted chicken. With no concern of the grease, he happily ate and drank.





“Xuan Lao, it was just like this. Although these students are very young, and also new students, they are really worth noting.”





Part 2





“Well…” The uninterested elder called Xuan Lao swallowed a mouthful of chicken and turned his head to look at Wang Yan. What would surprise most people is that even though he looked old based on everything, his eyes were particularly bright. His eyes were shockingly crimson colored. However, his gaze was somewhat scattered and dazed as if he did not pay attention to Wang Yan’s words.





“Body Battle Spirit. That is interesting.” Xuan Lao muttered with a hoarse voice.





Wang Yan asked, “Xuan Lao, does hair count as a Body Battle Spirit?”





Xuan Lao responded as he ate, “Somewhat.”





“Then the sisters, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo, are worth your attention. These two little girls can also perform Battle Spirit Fusion. If they also possess Body Battle Spirits, then their future development should be very powerful.”





Xuan Lao shook his head, “Hair? No. You’re famous for research. How can your knowledge about Body Battle Spirits be so bad?”





Wang Yan laughed bitterly, “I can’t help that there are no subjects to study! There is also very little information about Body Battle Spirits since the Body Clan are still withdrawn from society.”





Xuan Lao laughed and stood up. His wet feet stood on the grass with comfort. “Then let me teach you a little. To distinguish a Body Battle Spirit’s power, you will need to see the importance of the Battle Spirit to the body. The more crucial the part of the body the Battle Spirit is, the better the Body Battle Spirit. So, what really sparks my interest is that young man with the Spirit Eyes. If you lose your hair, you can grow more. But eyes? Also, he has the mental attribute. That means his Battle Spirit is really eyes and brain. You’re very fortunate to have met the highest grade of Body Battle Spirit in your lifetime. However, I believe that his Body Battle Spirit did not completely show itself. Or else, how could he be using a ten-year spirit ring? You go tell Little Ning that I will go watch the Freshman Examination Ranking Matches. Tell him to save me a seat.”





“Yes.”





…..





The curtain of night gradually descended. The icy blue light in Wang Dong and Huo Yuhao’s dorm was still silently shining.





Evening gradually became night as time quietly passed. The aura from Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong was also imperceptibly undergoing a wondrous change. The color of each of their auras became more entangled and combined. Even their Spirit Powers began to enter each other’s body, to travel in a unique cycle. In addition, every time there was a different change in the color of the aura, their Spirit Power would follow a different path.





If it were other people entering Battle Spirit Fusion, it would take more than three days and nights to fuse. However, with Daydream Iceworm directly assisting them to move their Spirit Power in accordance to their auras, they were able to save a lot of time.





Following a night of silence, the sky gradually brightened.





The ice-blue cocoon gradually disappeared and exposed the situation inside. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were still in a tight embrace but the color-changing aura on their bodies had faded away. They could feel each other’s breath as they faced each other. They were both asleep, very, very deeply.





After entering Shrek Academy, this was the first time that Huo Yuhao didn’t wake up early to cultivate and it was also the first time that he didn’t go eat breakfast.





Very soon, it started getting rowdy outside of their dorm as other students woke and hurried to prepare for the day.





The noise gradually affected the sleeping pair. Wang Dong’s body took the initiative to move.





“Mm.” A light groan. Wang Dong’s voice sounded languid and even carried hints of femininity. When he slowly opened his two eyes, he directly saw Huo Yuhao only inches away.





At first, he blanked. Then he moved his body and discovered that he was being hugged tightly by Huo Yuhao. Their chests were glued to each other and he could feel a sense of warmth from Huo Yuhao’s body.





Wang Dong only felt that he had slept for a very long time. He had never had this kind of feeling before. At this moment, other than the trace of peculiarity in his heart, there was, unexpectedly, a lot of panic.





“Huo Yuhao, wake up.” He gently struggled as he tried to be free of Huo Yuhao’s hands around his waist. However, perhaps owing to being in this position for too long, both of their bodies were somewhat stiff. Nevermind Huo Yuhao’s hand, even his own hand that he wanted to withdraw was numb.





“Huh?” Huo Yuhao finally woke up from his sleep and saw Wang Dong as he opened his eyes. The distance between the two people was just too close. It was only with Wang Dong painstakingly raising his head backwards, that their noses were no longer sticking together. However, when Wang Dong blinked, Huo Yuhao would feel the sensation of his long, long eyelashes brushing against his face.





“Why are you so close to me?” Huo Yuhao subconsciously said. The moment he said these words, a hot steam immediated puffed out above Wang Dong’s face.





“You……” Wang Dong was furious. He violently struggled and finally managed to withdraw his arms. Then he grabbed Huo Yuhao’s shoulders and pushed. At the same time, his lifted up his long, soft leg and inserted it between him and Huo Yuhao, creating a distance between them.





When Huo Yuhao had woken up, he had subconsciously loosened his hold on Wang Dong’s arms. Now that he was separated by the long leg, he finally woke up completely from his dreams. However, in the next moment, Wang Dong made him become even more awake……





Within the dorm, regardless of whether it was Huo Yuhao or Wang Dong, their beds were all single beds. Wang Dong’s long leg, that was separating the two, suddenly pushed. Immediately, Huo Yuhao fell onto the floor with a “plop” sound.





“Ouch. Wang Dong, what are you doing?” Huo Yuhao was thrown squarely onto the ground without any preparation. Immediately, he felt great pain and became angry.





Wang Dong slightly panted as he sat up on the bed. First, he tidied up his own messy clothes and then angrily said, “You still have the nerve to ask me what I’m doing? Why did you sleep on my bed last night?”





“Uh……” Only now did Huo Yuhao discover that he had been kicked off from Wang Dong’s bed. He suddenly became silent. In his heart, he thought,Daydream Bro, Daydream Bro, you’ve killed me. Didn’t you know that this guy is obsessed with cleanliness? Why did you let me fall asleep?





Although he thought like this in his heart, he nevertheless argued, “This can’t be blamed on me. Didn’t you also fall asleep?”





Wang Dong gave a furious snort. Right when he was about to say something more, suddenly, an ear-piercing bell rang and scared the two people.





“I’m confused. It’s class time. Shoot. We’re late. Let’s go.” In a flash, Huo Yuhao jumped up from the ground, grabbed Wang Dong, and ran out.





PART 3





Wang Dong also realized the trouble that they were in. He couldn’t focus on getting mad at Huo Yuhao and ran out with him.





Not only did they not eat breakfast, they didn’t even have time to freshen up. They ran towards the academic building as fast as possible. Both of them knew Zhou Yi’s temperament. Being late to class is equivalent to suicide.





They were in a shabby state. Wang Dong was a bit better. He got to fix his clothes after he kicked Huo Yuhao off his bed. Huo Yuhao, on the other hand, looked more embarrassing. His shirt was half tucked in and half out of his pants. Not only was his hair a mess, the top two buttons of his shirt were also unbuttoned, showing his bronzed chest. As he ran towards the academic building, wind was constantly blowing into his shirt.





However, neither of them paid attention to this stuff. All they wanted was to get to classes as fast as they could. They wanted to keep Zhou Yi’s rage to a minimum since they were already late!





One minute later, they arrived at the door of Freshmen Class One.





“Reporting in.” Huo Yuhao shouted with full energy.





“Reporting in.” Wang Dong’s voice was much quieter, almost without any energy. He sneaked a glance at Huo Yuhao in front of him with perplexed eyes. He raised his hand and pinched Huo Yuhao’s waist.





Huo Yuhao’s face suddenly changed color. However, since he already saw Zhou Yi walking towards them while they were at the classroom door, he forced his scream back.





All of the other students were already there. A hint of a smile flashed across Zhou Yi’s eyes as she saw the shabby state he was in. However, because of the pain that Huo Yuhao felt at his waist, he was unable to detect the smile even though he was usually very observant.





“You two. What happened? Come in first.” Zhou Yi waved at them.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong quickly hurried into the classroom. Wang Dong thoughtfully closed the door behind him.





Xiao Xiao had arrived long ago. Seeing their shabby state, she couldn’t help but stare. She slightly moved her mouths at the two, without letting out any sounds, mouthing: “God! What did you two do last night?”





Everyone in the class was focused on them, especially the disheveled class president.





Zhou Yi asked with the usual cold voice: “My Class President, tell me, what are you two doing?”





“Uh….., I’m sorry, Teacher Zhou. We overslept.” Huo Yuhao said with a look of embarrassment. They could only take the initiative to admit their mistakes and accept whatever punishments Zhou Yi wants to impose on them.





“Who slept with who? You can even manage to oversleep?” Zhou Yi gave a rare joke.





Huo Yuhao blanked while Wang Dong, by his side, instantly blushed. Because the truth is, she was right…..





The class continued to be silent, but this time it only lasted three seconds. Right after, the whole class bursted into laughter.





Wang Dong lowered his head, wanting to find a hole in the ground to hide in. Shameful, this was simply too shameful. Only now did he notice Huo Yuhao’s disheveled and untidy clothes. He really wanted to smack him to death! This bastard, causing me to be so embarrassed.





Zhou Yi actually laughed too. Even though a smile on her wizened face was even more ugly than crying, Huo Yuhao was sure that she was actually laughing.





Zhou Yi raised her hand. Her authority as the ultimate teacher was without doubt. The roaring laughter immediately silenced. However, the amusements in their eyes couldn’t be controlled.





“Enough. Return to your seats.” Zhou Yi waved her hands and actually let them off like never before.





“What?” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong subconsciously raised her heads, thinking that they heard wrong.





Zhou Yi stared, “What? Did you sleep so much that you can’t even understand human language?”





Finally, Huo Yuhao understood and pulled on Wang Dong’s sleeve. The two quietly returned to their seats. However, they were still extremely embarrassed after being made fun of by Zhou Yi.





Fortunately, this was Freshman Class One. Everyone was around eleven or twelve years old. As for the question of who slept with who, they only thought it was funny and didn’t think more. If this happened in an upper level class, and they happened to encounter a few rotten women who thought two men slept with each other, then it would get chaotic.





After returning to the podium, Zhou Yi faintly said, “After three days of time, the Freshmen Examinations have concluded. The final results have been tallied last night.”





Hearing this, almost every single student started paying attention. Not every small group was sure that they could pass the examination.





An unflattering smile once more appeared on Zhou Yi’s wizened face for the second time today. “I can’t help but say that you guys gave a lot of efforts and gave me face. This year, all twenty-two group’s students passed the examination. I am pleased.”





“Bang!” The whole freshmen class was in complete excitement. Cheers resounded within every corner. This time, however, Zhou Yi did not stop them but rather watched their excitement with a smile on her face.





They definitely have the right to celebrate. Last night, all the teachers overseeing the exam and the teachers from each of the ten freshmen classed completed the final grading together.





Almost all of the teachers agreed that the students of Freshmen Class One showed more determination. Under the stressful situation of the examination. they were able to show great willpower and battle abilities. They were the class to be able to overcome the most unfavorable conditions. The most important part was that the students of Freshmen Class One won almost all of the battles that were similar in level.





Ever since Zhou Yi became a teacher at Shrek Academy, this is the first time she received a public recognition. The number of students in class one were the least in all of the freshmen classes. However, after the examination, half of the new students have been eliminated and caused class one to actually have the most students within the ten classes.





No matter how strict Zhou Yi is, today is still a good day. That is why, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong can be easily let go even if they were late.





“Good, quiet.” She waited for a long time before signing for the students to revert back to silence.





“Passing the examination can only grant a stay at the school and you won’t be eliminated within year one. However, it is only for the first year. If everyone does not work as hard in the future then I might not be able to continue to see everyone next year. Furthermore, It is only the Freshmen Examination. Don’t get overjoyed. Within the twenty groups of this class, there are still unfinished battles waiting for fourteen groups. Due to the fact that you’ve now entered the first sixty-four top groups, you will have to participate in further examinations. This is the real time for you to shine.”





Part 4





After listening to Zhou Yi’s speech, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong both raised their head with surprise. There were a total of twenty-two teams in their class. Not only did all of them pass the examination, there were also fourteen teams that placed into the top sixty-four. In other words, that means their class took up one fifth of the spots in the top sixty-four groups. That is about double the amount of any other class. They should definitely be proud of such a result.





Zhou Yi continued: “Within the whole examination process, there are a total of six groups that have won all of their battles and one of those groups is from our class. I was originally going to give them some award. However, disappointingly, they were late today. Merits offset faults. Therefore, I will give no rewards, but also no punishments.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong once again became the focus of the entire class. The two were so depressed! They looked at the other in the eyes. This look didn’t matter. Both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were expressionless.





This was because when they looked at each other, they clearly felt their own Spirit Power quietly fluctuating. An indescribably intimate feeling arose suddenly and even ignited a feeling of wanting to hug each other once again.





At this moment, they simultaneously remembered the reason they were hugging until they later fell asleep on top of Wang Dong’s bed yesterday.





Wang Dong softly said, “We couldn’t have succeeded, right?”





Huo Yuhao definitely had a more confident answer than him. After all, he had Daydream Iceworm to advise him! However, he naturally couldn’t display so much certainty; but his eyes still revealed a fervent look.





“It could have. Lets try it after class ends?”





“Okay.”





The two people almost nodded at each other at the same time. That indescribable mutual understanding arose once again. Even without Mental Detection and Sharing, they still seemed to be able to sense what the other person was going to do next like twins. This kind of feeling was both wonderful and strange.





“Bang——” A loud sound woke Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong from their strange connected feeling. They simultaneously raised their heads, just in time to see Zhou Yi’s angry face.





Uh……, they were caught being absent minded during class.





“You two go outside and run laps. Put on the metal suits. No stopping until the bell rings. You can’t be too happy after such a small achievement.”





We’ve been wronged! Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s minds called out in sorrow at the same time. However, they both knew that as long as it was something decided on by Teacher Zhao, it definitely wouldn’t be changed. Without any other options, they could only walk out of the classroom with bitter faces to grab their metal suits from their dorm.





Zhou Yi watched as they walked out dejectedly and snorted, “All of you remember. No matter how great of an accomplishment, you need to have a modest and cautious heart. Arrogance will lead you a step backwards and take your life. Tomorrow, the elimination rounds will begin. I will give you guys a simple explanation of the main points.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong would not be able to hear Zhou Yi’s explanation. Fortunately, Xiao Xiao was still there. Even though Zhou Yi didn’t say it, she meant for Xiao Xiao to pass it on to them.





“All your fault.” Wang Dong exploded with a face full of anger the moment they walked out of the academic building.





Huo Yuhao responded bitterly, “How can this be blamed on me? You were the one who wanted me to hug you yesterday.”





“What did you say?” Wang Dong said through clenched teeth as he looked at Huo Yuhao coldly.





“Uh……, we are a team. We need to be united.” Huo Yuhao said seriously as he looked at Wang Dong’s clenched fists.





“United my ass. You made me get punished. What do you say to that?” Wang Dong said with anger, “Also, you slept on my bed last night. What about that?”





Huo Yuhao patted his shoulder and put his arm around Wang Dong’s neck, “Enough. We’re brothers. Why be so serious about such a small thing? We should quickly finish Teacher Zhou’s assignment first. In case she freaks out more.”





With Huo Yuhao’s embrace, Wang Dong immediately blanked. Huo Yuhao’s voice was also becoming quieter. By the time he finished that sentence, they had both stopped. Huo Yuhao subconsciously looked at his own hand as Wang Dong did the same.





“How can it be like this?” They asked at the same time.





Yes, something very peculiar had happened on their bodies. When Huo Yuhao put his arm around Wang Dong’s neck, it was as if their bodies connected. Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power naturally flowed into Wang Dong’s body and Wang Dong’s Spirit Power warmly flowed back. It was like they became a single body. Even though it was only between Wang Dong’s neck and Huo Yuhao’s arm, it was still extremely clear.





“Weird. Try it again.”





Huo Yuhao pulled back his arm from Wang Dong and grabbed his hands.





Wang Dong’s hand was exceptionally soft, smooth and white. It was very comfortable to hold. However, Huo Yuhao didn’t have time to experience it.





The moment their hands connected, Huo Yuhao’s Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power ignited and flowed into Wang Dong’s left hand from his right. Then, his left hand felt a suction force as Wang Dong’s Spirit Power was sucked into his own body. Their Spirit Power started to rapidly circulate at a speed that was at least two times faster than the speed Huo Yuhao could cultivate at.





Wang Dong was a genius among geniuses and immediately noticed something. “Control it a little and infuse it into your body.” As he said this, he retracted his left hand from Huo Yuhao. This way, only his Spirit Power was flowing into Huo Yuhao’s body.





Immediately, Huo Yuhao could feel his Spirit Power increase at an explosive speed and filling his body with energy like he never felt before.





His vessels had been reconstructed with the Mystic Water Pill and smoothened with the Mysterious Heaven Skill so it had already reached the peak condition of people his age. Even with the immense amount of Spirit Power infused into him, he didn’t feel any bloated sensation.





Between the two of them, an unseen understanding had already appeared. Huo Yuhao immediately used his Mental Detection and Sharing and encompassed Wang Dong.





Wang Dong closed his eyes to allow himself to better sense this peculiarity. Immediately, he found that the range of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing was rapidly expanding.





Originally, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing could already reach a diameter of sixty meters and a could extend to a hundred meters in a single direction. But now, with the help of Wang Dong’s infused Spirit Power, his Mental Detection and Sharing had already reached a diameter of over a hundred meters in a short time.





They looked at each other with open mouths. Huo Yuhao said with a shaking voice, “Wang Dong, have you heard of Battle Spirit Fusion between two Spirit Masters allowing them to infuse Spirit Power into each other for one of them to use temporarily?”





Wang Dong shook his head and muttered, “How can this happen? Could it be that our trial yesterday really succeeded?”





Huo Yuhao said feverently, “Lets find a place to try it?”





Just then, an angry voice rang out of a window on the academic building, “Why are you two holding your hands and falling in love instead of putting on your metal suits and running?”





Chapter 22 – Haodong Power

Part 1





“Why are you two holding your hands and acting all lovey dovey instead of putting on your metal suits and running?”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were shocked and quickly let go of each other’s hands before running toward the dormitory. Their hearts were beating violently. Of course, it wasn’t because of Zhou Yi yelling about them dating, but because of the curious change between their Battle Spirits!





They rushed back to their dorm. With a glance toward each other, they saw the other’s surprise. Yes! What happened before was too strange. For both Huo Yuhao, who had gained quite a bit of knowledge in the last few months at Shrek Academy, and Wang Dong, who had vast experiences, this was the first time they had experienced such a situation. This was obviously beyond the knowledge of common Spirit Masters.





Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but say, “Looks like our sleep last night wasn’t for nothing!”





“Bah.” Wang Dong glared at him but still quickly raised his slender hands, “Let’s try it again.”





Huo Yuhao was also eager to confirm if what happened before was real and quickly raised both hands to grasp Wang Dong’s.





Their four hands grasped each other. Immediately, Spirit Power began flowing again. Their Spirit Powers were not the same. Huo Yuhao’s Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power was very calm and warm while Wang Dong’s Spirit Power was tyrannical and exhibited an aura of nobility.





If Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power were described as a warm and honest young man, then Wang Dong’s Spirit Power would be a high-born, lofty and domineering young lady.





In this way, the Spirit Powers with entirely different temperaments were making a circuit at this moment. Perfectly circulating within the two peoples’ bodies. In addition, in the process of circulating, these two types of Spirit Power unexpectedly, quietly fused. Inside you there is me and inside me there is you, there is no distinction between us. There wasn’t the slightest bit of conflict emerging. It was as if they were originally one whole.





Huo Yuhao was still a bit better off. After all, his Mysterious Heaven Spirit Power was originally gentle. Wang Dong on the other hand was full of astonishment. He was fully aware of how tyrannical and valiant his Spirit Power was, along with its even more intense nature. Now though, the current scene was well beyond his scope of knowledge.





In such a short circulation period, the two people both had a lively and invigorated feeling. It was clear to see that if they were to hold hands like this to cultivate, it would be much faster than each of them separately cultivating on their own. Moreover, they both deeply felt that this was merely the beginning. In this way, the two peoples’ Spirit Power perfectly fused together. The capability that was derived from it, wasn’t this more than simply being able to cultivate together?





“Let’s go. We should first go run laps. We’ll properly study it again when we return in the evening.” Huo Yuhao took the initiative to release Wang Dong’s hand. He draped the metal suit over his shoulder, turned around and walked out.





Wang Dong slightly panicked for a moment after hearing his words. The corner of his mouth also twitched a bit. Huo Yuhao’s words, in addition to yesterday evening’s mystery of hugging him and sleeping together for a night, made it difficult not to have some ambiguity rise in his heart. Behind Huo Yuhao, he gestured with his clenched fists before seizing his metal suit and closely following.





Wearing the metal suits to run had already continued for a period of three months. At this moment, doing this again was a walk in the park. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong ran in an experienced and honest manner until the bell for class dismissal finally rang. They didn’t stop until Xiao Xiao came to the field looking for them. Xiao Xiao informed them that Teacher Zhou left already earlier on.





Huo Yuhao’s entire body was sweating while the one with the much higher cultivation, Wang Dong, had painstakingly controlled it so that sweat hadn’t appeared.





“What happened? What did teacher Zhou said?” Huo Yuhao was panting while posing the question at Xiao Xiao.





Xiao Xiao shrugged and said: “Not much. Just gave us some words of encouragement. Also to spread the idea that we can handle any sort of opponent. Then she also shared her analysis of our opponents. It’s going to be difficult for us to win first place. It really seemed that everything before was just a preview and Shrek Academy was never lacking in geniuses.”





After seeing the worries in her eyes, Wang Dong said proudly: “What? You don’t even have faith in your dual Battle Spirit?”





Xiao Xiao tightened her lips and said: “Of course I have confidence. However, I have to say that there are people that have greater talent than us. Like how Teacher Zhou just said, from the examination of the five other sections, there are three groups with members with three spirit rings. Facing them, how much confidence can you have?”





“Spirit Elder?” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong both said with shock, and the disbelief can be seen from their faces.





Xiao Xiao laughed bitterly. “Of course. You think I would be so lacking in confidence if not for that?”





Huo Yuhao asked: “What did Teacher Zhou say?”





Xiao Xiao replied: “When Teacher Zhou mentioned those three groups, she also didn’t seem to be very happy. It almost seemed like she just got the message herself. The three classes never spread the news before this. Also, they are the same as you, all special acceptance students.”





After hearing this, Wang Dong laughed and directed his words at Huo Yuhao, “Look, all special acceptance students, yet such a huge difference.”





Huo Yuhao was unable to come up with a comeback and said, “What’s the point of talking about this? The most important thing is to think about how are we going to deal with them.”





Xiao Xiao said, “Everything will have to depend on fate. The three of them are all leaders of their teams. You know they are going to be hard to deal with. Just think about how powerful your Battle Spirit has to be to break the barrier of three rings before the age of twelve. Also, they must also have been backed up by a powerful family. Their spirit rings most likely are also at a very high level. Maybe not not as high as Wang Dong’s; to have a second ring in the thousand-year level, but should be close. It seems like even Teacher Zhou won’t bet on us. So, I guess we will aim for number four.”





Wang Dong sneered and said, “So what if they have three rings? It’s not like it is impossible to defeat a Spirit Elder. We have our advantage, too. Your dual Battle Spirit, and I haven’t even completely shown my full abilities. Adding on to Huo Yuhao’s Body Battle Spirit and mental attribute. If we work together, we just might win.”





Xiao Xiao said, “You think I don’t want to win first?! Only the top three places receives physical awards. The fourth place receives nothing. However, we really are not as good as the other teams. Think about it, if one of the teammates is a Spirit Elder, the others must at least be Spirit Grandmasters like us. We do have our advantages. However, we don’t stand a chance unless Class President can break through level twenty and also acquires another mental ability soon.”





Part 2





Huo Yuhao looked at Xiao Xiao and then glanced at Wang Dong. He said seriously, “Don’t you worry yet. It might be true that we are not as good as the others, but if we lose confidence now, then we definitely lose any chance at winning. Xiao Xiao, think about the challenges we faced against the Lan sisters. However, we still won at the end. The Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion is definitely on par with the spirit ability of any Spirit Elder, if not better. Other’s have their advantages, but we do, too. Our advantage is that we still have hidden talent. We only have one goal and that is to win as champions.”





Xiao Xiao’s confidence seemed to have been suddenly awakened as she slightly nodded her head. “Fighting. We will do our best together!”





Huo Yuhao stretched out his right hand. Wang Dong quickly put his hand on top of Huo Yuhao’s before Xiao Xiao was able to put her hand in too.





“We are champions! Definitely.”





Huo Yuhao said, “Xiao Xiao, the roasted fish that I owe you will probably have to wait a few more days. The following battles will be very important to us. No matter what, we will have to focus on increasing our cultivation in the following few days. Even a little bit of improvement may greatly improve our chances at winning. After the tournament, you can eat as many roasted fish as possible. I won’t be setting up my fish station anymore. Let’s focus cultivating first.”





Xiao Xiao chuckled and said, “There will be interest for paying off a debt. Class President, you said it. From now on, I’m not going to pay for any of your roasted fish.”





Huo Yuhao chuckled and said, “No problem, I can afford to treat you to roast fish.”





Xiao Xiao said, “Teacher Zhou said that when the class bell rings tomorrow, we’re to gather at the examination district. She also told me tell you two, not to be late. The first thing that we should do is pray for good luck. However, Teacher Zhou said that teams which had complete victory in the round-robin tournament will have preferential treatment in the first two rounds of the knock-out competition, and not be matched against each other. This is also the sole benefit of obtaining a good record in the round-robin tournament As long as we perform as always, there should be no problems entering the first sixteen. After that, we will have to see.”





Huo Yuhao said, “This is good news. Okay, let’s stop here. I’m covered in sweat so I will go wash first before eating.”





Xiao Xiao said, “Then I won’t wait for you two. I’ll go to the dining hall first. See you tomorrow.” She waved her hand at Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong and left.





Huo Yuhao turned to face Wang Dong with a frown and said, “It seems like earning a good record in the elimination rounds won’t be easy. Let’s go back to the dorms. I’ll take a shower, change clothes, and eat a meal. We’ll then properly study the Battle Spirit Fusion issue once again.”





“‘Okay.” Wang Dong nodded his head and seemed a bit uncommunicative. Even so much so that he was blank and listless. It wasn’t known what he was thinking about. After they returned to the dorm, Huo Yuhao grabbed clean clothes and a towel to go take a bath. Wang Dong sat by himself on his bed, waiting for him.





“Bang.” The door closed. Wang Dong subconsciously lifted his head towards the dorm door. The blank look in his eyes gradually showed a bit of complexity.





In the early morning, due to being late, he never had the time to figure out Huo Yuhao’s debt of sleeping on Wang Dong’s bed last night with him. Presently, Huo Yuhao already acted like nothing had happened. However, Wang Dong’s feelings were entirely different.





I, I can’t believe I slept with him for the entire night. It also seems like we have accomplished Battle Spirit Fusion. And not a regular fusion either.





Wang Dong was unable to pinpoint exactly how he felt at this moment. He felt as if everything was a mess and he was unsure of the situation.





Time always seemed to pass faster when he was spacing out. Not long after, Huo Yuhao came back fresh and clean. One could smell the scent from the shower as he walked through the door. Wang Dong raised his head and unintentionally stared directly into his bright eyes.





Huo Yuhao was still unable to detect Wang Dong’s change in mentality. He waved at him and said, “Let’s go get food. When we come back, we can try to understand Battle Spirit Fusion a bit more. Maybe it is our only way to get a good result in the competition.” Right now, the competition was all Huo Yuhao has on his mind.





Wang Dong seemed to find a focus in his confusion and nodded his head and said, “Ok.” Since everything had already happened, there was no point in thinking about it anymore. It might be best to focus on the competition now. When Xiao Xiao mentioned the Spirit Elders, Wang Dong was also pumped up for the upcoming competition.





He firmly believed that his own potential definitely would not be inferior to those Spirit Elders. The only reason he did not reach that level was because he had been lazy since young and did not want to cultivate. Level wasn’t everything. Defeating them would prove how he is the most outstanding.





After clearing this point, his heart was no longer in tangles. He followed Huo Yuhao to the dining hall and immediately gorged on a big meal. Since they went a bit later at night, by the time they finished their meal, the dining hall was already empty of people.





Returning to the dorm, Huo Yuhao properly locked the door so as to avoid people coming in and disturbing them during their cultivation. At the same time, he hung a “please do not disturb” sign outside the door. Every dorm room had one of these signs in them. Just by hanging it up, even a teacher would not knock on the door and disturb them. This is because this sign signifies that the student inside the room was cultivating.





However, Huo Yuhao’s common behavior made him slightly distressed. But, he quickly overcame it. By the time Huo Yuhao had turned around, Wang Dong had returned to normal.





“How do we start?” Wang Dong asked Huo Yuhao.





Huo Yuhao said, “We’ll first try out cultivating while holding hands for a while. This way, we can also let the quality of our Spirit Power fusion become even better and more familiar. Then, we’ll once again attempt to use the Spirit Power from the fusion to amplify every one of our spirit abilities. In the evening, we’ll go outside of the academy again and test out the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill.”





Wang Dong’s mouth twitched and he said, “You’re actually quite organized.”





Huo Yuhao laughed and said, “Of course. Don’t forget, I’m the class president. Isn’t it natural that I would be organized? Come.” As he talked, he was about to sit on Wang Dong’s bed.





“What are you doing?” Wang Dong pushed against him.





Huo Yuhao puzzlingly said, “Cultivating! If we don’t sit properly, how are we going to cultivate?”





Wang Dong stood up and pointed a finger at Huo Yuhao’s bed, “We can cultivate on your bed.”





Huo Yuhao was speechless for a while, “If you’re not afraid of hurting your butt, then I’m fine either way.”





Wang Dong clearly saw that Huo Yuhao’s complexion was somewhat ugly. Indeed, Huo Yuhao was somewhat unhappy. To him, they had been friends for so long already, yet Wang Dong was still having a fuss. So petty.





Part 3





Wang Dong insisted on his wishes to sit on Huo Yuhao’s bed, so they sat down there. Right after, Wang Dong was annoyed. Compared to his own soft, fur covered bed, this purely wooden bed didn’t even have a hint of comfort! However, he had to endure it. They had slept together by accident on his bed last night so he won’t let Huo Yuhao on his bed again.





Huo Yuhao was pretty lenient and calmed down after a short pause. He thought to himself: Oh well, everyone has their own lifestyles and I should respect it. With this thought, his hints of anger disappeared.





Wang Dong glanced at Huo Yuhao and found him looking over. He felt some distress but also apologetic and hurriedly raised his hands, “Let’s start. Just like you said, we will cultivate until dinner and see how it goes.”





Huo Yuhao raised his hands and matched against Wang Dong’s. Just as they came in contact, Spirit Power immediately started fusing. These two Spirit Powers circulating within their bodies and quickly completed fusion. Afterwards, it flowed smoothly within them as a mixture.





When they had discovered this magical phenomenon, they couldn’t examine it because time was short. Now that they were calmly cultivating, they slowly began to experience it.





Just as before, when their hands connected in cultivation, their Spirit Power rose quickly. Simply put, their rate of increase was around the sum of their usual rates.





That means, if Huo Yuhao cultivated an hour along and his Spirit Power rose by 1 while Wang Dong cultivated an hour and his Spirit Power rose by 1.2; then right now, not only was their Spirit Power circulating faster, but after an hour, their Spirit Powers would increase by 2.2.





This way, Huo Yuhao’s cultivating speed had more than doubled while Wang Dong’s speed also nearly doubled. Undoubtedly, the one who gained the most benefits was Huo Yuhao because Wang Dong’s cultivation was higher than his. If they cultivate like this from now on, then their cultivations will become closer.





It is shocking for a Spirit Master to double his cultivation speed! Huo Yuhao had originally planned to breakthrough level 20 by the time he graduates. But with this speed, he would be able to go above level twenty within three to four months. For Wang Dong, cultivating at such a speed might even allow him to breakthrough level 30.





After almost three hours of cultivation, the sky outside darkened and they rose from meditation. They retracted their Spirit Powers and their mixed Spirit Powers separated. They really did feel that their cultivation was much faster.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong opened their eyes and looked toward the other at the same time. They immediately saw the pleasant surprise in the other’s eyes. No matter how they were able to achieve this type of spirit fusion, it was still a great thing for them! Especially true for Huo Yuhao since he was able to gain a greater advantage.





They couldn’t wait to experience how their Spirit Abilities may be improved and this time, they discovered a profound mystery.





Every single one of their abilities could improve through spirit fusion and the improved power was extremely powerful, not only like adding one to one to get two. When they activate a spirit ability together, not only will its force double but the spirit power expenditure is halved. That means, when they were in spirit fusion, their spirit power exhaustion will be lessened. This is equal to gaining a new, high leveled spirit power when they fused.





So, their current situation couldn’t be called Battle Spirit Fusion but should more accurately be called Spirit Power Fusion. What made Wang Dong speechless was that after fusion, he as the stronger one was not in control.





When their bodies came in contact and their spirit powers mixed, Huo Yuhao became the primary controller. The moment he desires to release a spirit ability, Wang Dong would have to react, whether he wanted to or not. But when Wang Dong wanted to use a spirit ability after fusion, he required Huo Yuhao’s cooperation to do it. The power dynamic was very clear.





“Why would it be like this? So not fair.” Wang Dong said in frustration.





Huo Yuhao helplessly responded, “I don’t know either! Don’t worry. I will fully cooperate with you whenever you need me.





Even though he didn’t say it, he knew that this kind of situation must be involved with Daydream Iceworm. Or else, how would his weak spirit power be able to gain main control?





“Wang Dong, don’t be depressed. Our new spirit power from the spirit fusion needs a name. Lets use your name.”





Wang Dong laughed, “No need. Wang Dong Power? That sounds horrible. It would be better to take a character from each of our names. Lets called it HaoDong Power.”





Huo Yuhao shook his head, “It does sound a little better.”





Wang Dong stood up and felt his butt. “Your bed is too hard. Lets switch to my bed tonight. Since you gain so many benefits from HaoDong Power, you’re treating me to dinner today.” As he said this, he slightly lifted his head and walked out.





Seeing his carefree attitude, Huo Yuhao laughed. This guy. So stubborn, so arrogant. But actually has a good heart.





“Fine, no problem. My money was all earned from selling roast fish. If we finish it all then we can eat yours.” He quickly followed.





With HaoDong Power, no matter if it were Huo Yuhao or Wang Dong, they obviously experienced a change in their relationship. For Huo Yuhao, he and Wang Dong was not only friends and classmates but also brother. He believed that Wang Dong thought the same way. As for whether or not he was right, only Wang Dong knew….





As they ate dinner, Huo Yuhao had some doubts. This doubt came from his understanding of Daydream Iceworm. Daydream Iceworm had said that as long as his body’s endurance reaches a certain level, he will receive even more source power to improve the quality of his spirit ring while increasing his spirit abilities’ powers.





Part 4





After Huo Yuhao created Hao Dong Power with Wang Dong, he could feel every ability becoming stronger. Although he could also feel getting closer to his physical limits, he was still able bear this amount. Since this was the case, why didn’t the Daydream Iceworm upgrade his spirit abilities to normally be at that level?





“Fool.” Just as doubts began to build in Huo Yuhao’s heart, Daydream Iceworm’s voice sounded in his mind.





“Daydream Bro, you’re not asleep?” Huo Yuhao suddenly said with surprise into his mind.





Daydream Iceworm snorted and said, “Of course I’m not asleep. Do I love sleeping that much?”





Huo Yuhao inwardly criticised. If you didn’t love sleeping, how could you have managed to sleep for over a million years?





The Daydream Iceworm said, “The answer to your question is simple. Indeed, I did not bring your soul ring to the utmost limits of your body. It is because I cannot let you swell like a balloon. There is a fish, called the tiger puffer fish, that has thorns all over its body. Once it meets danger, it will instantly inflate; allowing the body to swell up and preventing the enemy from swallowing it. The fish only allows its body to swell to the limits in that moment of danger.”





“In this case, it’s own attack power has indeed been elevated to its highest extent. But what if there is a needle coming over? What will happen then? Your case is the same. If I elevate your soul ring to the point where you are at peak strength, once you suffer an unexpected attack or an accident during practice, you will be like a balloon and burst apart. So what I mean by your tolerance limit is the point where you can afford to have it with no side effects. When you fuse your Spirit Power with Wang Dong, this fusion will help improve both of your bodies. That’s why I helped to completely fuse the Spirit Power from the two of you. The advantage is the greatest when the compatibility reaches 100%.





“In other words, under your Spirit Power fusion, the capacity of your body improves along with the strength of your Spirit Power. This allows you to carry the greater Spirit Power, and also improves your spirit abilities when used. This is the secret of your Battle Spirit Fusion.Ordinary Spirit Masters’ Battle Spirit Fusion is different in that aspect. For Battle Spirit Fusion, as long as you continue to practice together, your physique will improve over time. Your practice speed will also become the fastest.





“Of course, the process of improving physical fitness is relatively long. If, in the future, you guys can genuinely fuse, then the effect will be even better.”





Huo Yuhao asked in puzzlement, “What’s genuine fusing?”





Daydream Iceworm seemed lifeless for a bit as he said, “I don’t know. I haven’t tried it before as well. The two of you should just continue to try. Regardless of whether it’s Spirit Power fusion or Battle Spirit Fusion, the benefits given to you two is still immensely great. In the future, you’ll slowly learn through experience.”





Upon finishing his sentences, Daydream Iceworm uncaringly stopped speaking and disappeared.





“Hey, you’re almost about to eat your rice through your nostrils.” Wang Dong saw that Huo Yuhao had been lost in thought for quite a while and waved his hand in front of Yuhao’s face.





“Eh……” Huo Yuhao hurriedly touched his nose, but saw Wang Dong chuckled at him.





“What were you thinking about? You were completely lost in thought,” Wang Dong laughingly said. He found Huo Yuhao’s foolish appearance to be very amusing.





Huo Yuhao said, “Of course I’m thinking of our Hao Dong Power. I’m thinking of the reasons why we’re capable of Spirit Power fusion. After considering the causes and effects, there’s only one possibility. Our compatibility must have been extremely high, and therefore, when we fused out Battle Spirits yesterday evening, we were capable of Spirit Power fusion.





Wang Dong’s eyes lit up, “Right! What you’re saying makes sense. If not because of this, then why else would we end up in a situation that no one else has? Hurry up and eat. After finishing eating, we’ll go outside to test whether we can use a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. However, do you know how to use it?”





Huo Yuhao was somewhat dumfounded as he said, “How would I know? I thought it would just occur naturally once the conditions are right…”





The two stared at each other and couldn’t help letting out a hint of a helpless, bitter smile. Indeed, although Battle Spirit Fusion Skills were talked about during class, it was a skill used by an extremely small group. The teacher only briefly mentioned it, never mind talking about how to use it. After all, the number of people who could genuinely utilize a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill was really too small.





Wang Dong said, “Forget it. We’ll just try it out in the evening. If it’s no good, tomorrow we’ll look for Teacher Zhou Yi again and ask. See if there’s any method to utilize it.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao agreed while unceasingly calling out to Daydream Iceworm in his mind. He believed that, with the life experience of a million years, the Daydream Iceworm should know what to do.





“Fool! Why would you wake me up with such an insignificant matter? Just do what you did last night, stupid.” Daydream Iceworm was very upset when Huo Yuhao woke him up. He was just about to go to sleep and therefore, was quietly speaking that one line.





Do what I did last night? Huo Yuhao blanked out for a bit but soon realized the meaning. Hug?





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong quickly finished their dinner. With curiosity and excitement, they ran out of the school campus. Today, Huo Yuhao did not prepare to sell his roasted fish. Just as he walked outside of the school gates, he had to apologize to all of his usual customers that were complaining; using the examination as an excuse.





“Let’s race.” Wang Dong said under his breath. He tapped his toe onto the ground and sped forward like a rocket.





If this was three months ago, Huo Yuhao would never have caught up. However, these three months obviously did not go to waste. Huo Yuhao’s legs were full of energy. Although it did not seem as easy to him as to Wang Dong, he was not slow. Every step he took left a clear footprint on to the soil as he catches up to Wang Dong.





Energy filled his muscles as the Spirit Power within him constantly replenished the consumed energy.





The night air was cool and pleasantly relaxing. At this moment, they felt like they were traveling with the wind. Without the restrictions of the metal suits, they felt fresh and cool, and were enabled to travel at their top speed.





In the end, Wang Dong’s foundation was far better than Huo Yuhao’s and quickly increased the distance. Only after the distance surpassed over three hundred meters did he slowed his steps and waited for Huo Yuhao to catch up.





“Hey, your speed is pretty good for a control system Battle Spirit Master, especially one that’s not specialized in direct combat.” Wang Dong looked at Huo Yuhao who had caught up and stated smugly.





Huo Yuhao chuckled and said, “We weren’t that far apart. We should head into the woods.”





“Okay.” Wang Dong nodded his head. The two people looked around and saw that there was no one. They simultaneously launched and ran into the woods beside the path. After entering about several hundred meters inside, they finally stopped.





“Let’s just stay here. How do we test?” Wang Dong turned toward Huo Yuhao and asked.





Huo Yuhao said, “We’ll first test out Hao Dong Power’s recovering ability.” While saying so, he lifted up both hands towards Wang Dong.





Wang Dong lifted his hands and placed them against Huo Yuhao’s. They are now fairly familiar with the procedure after the afternoon’s practice. Just as they had predicted, after the Spirit Power fusion, Hao Dong Power has provided both of them with significant physical and spiritual growth. However, the rate of growth was not as good as during their cultivation practice.





“The effect is not that great, but at least there are some benefits.” Wang Dong stated to Huo Yu hao as his physical strength recovered.





Huo Yuhao nodded his head, opened his arms, and said, “Come.”





Wang Dong blankly stared at Huo Yuhao and was on guard, “What do you plan on doing?”





Huo Yuhao very naturally said, “Hug!”





“You……” Wang Dong’s complexion immediately underwent great change. One moment it was green, the next it was white. “Huo Yuhao, I didn’t think you were this kind of person. Do you believe that I won’t beat you until you won’t be able to provide for yourself for the rest of your life?”





Huo Yuhao was dumbfounded, “What are you thinking about? So stupid. Have you forgotten how our Battle Spirit Fusion has occurred? Right now, our Spirit Powers are already compatible. Therefore, the simplist way to reenact the Battle Spirit Fusion is to repeat what has happened yesterday!”





Wang Dong finally realized what he meant and his face turned completely red. Although the sky had already darkened, Huo Yuhao was able to see it clearly with his Spirit Eyes.





“You should have explained before demanding a hug. Are you purposely embarrassing me?” Wang Dong used anger to try to cover up his embarrassment.





Huo Yuhao helplessly said, “Who would have imagined that you were thinking so unhealthily. We’re both men, what can we do? Hurry up. It’s better if we finish this sooner so we can go back earlier and continue cultivating.”





Wang Dong hesitantly said, “We wouldn’t possibly fall asleep again like last night in such a desolate place like this, right?”





Huo Yuhao speechlessly said, “We won’t. Today’s circumstances are different. You’re over-carefulness is like a woman’s. I’m coming.” While saying so, he rapidly took a step forward and hugged Wang Dong.





Wang Dong’s body went rigid in the split second that he was hugged by Huo Yuhao. His mind turned blank.. Since they were running before, Huo Yuhao was slightly sweating and the faint smell assaulted his senses.





Wang Dong’s body was very soft and hugging him was as comfortable as it was last night. However, Huo Yuhao wasn’t thinking about enjoyment right now. At the same time that he hugged Wang Dong, he immediately started to circulate his own Spirit Power and opened his Spirit Eyes Battle Spirit. While Wang Dong soon took the hint as well and soon realized what was happening.





Their bodies were completely touching, causing the Spirit Power inside their bodies to rapidly transform into Hao Dong Power. Huo Yuhao’s pair of eyes seemed especially bright and the mild golden rays of light in his eyes flickered in the night. .





In a brief moment, Wang Dong pushed his Battle Spirit to circulate as well.





In an instant, both people had a bizarre feeling. Releasing their Battle Spirits while hugging was completely different than releasing their Battle Spirit by assisting each other to produce Hao Dong Power.





In the split second that the pair of ice-blue wings unfolded from Wang Dong’s back, their minds fell into a brief trance.





Chapter 23 – Fading In Radiance, Golden Road

<Part 1>





On one side, pale golden light emitted from Huo Yuhao’s eyes.





On the other side, the dazzling wings of the Bright Goddess Butterfly unfurled behind Wang Dong.





At the instant that they released their Battle Spirits during their embrace, light filled the surrounding area of ten meters diameter. This special light seemed to be illuminating and blossoming out of their bodies.





It was a very strange kind of light; blue, purple, and gold colors transforming into a singular brilliance. It had a bright and rich quality, and emitted many exotic Spirit Power fluctuations.





Behind Wang Dong, a bright light shone and took the form of a complete and magnificent Bright Goddess Butterfly.





At Huo Yuhao’s back, the ghostly image of a giant vertical eye appeared. Most of this image was a pale golden color, but the pupil was a faint purple.





After a short time, Huo Yuhao’s and Wang Dong’s bodies returned to normal, but they soon discovered that the area surrounding their bodies was full of that intense light.





In the air above, the two shadowy images slowly drew close to each other. During this process, the two images also began to change. Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eye image gradually grew more profound. It has almost completely changed to the color of blue-violet; the gold color seemed to have been absorbed.





Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly light burned with a blue-gold flame as it got closer to the Spirit Eye.





Finally, after what seemed like a very long time, Huo Yuhao’s and Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit lights contacted each other over their heads.





Suddenly, the bodies of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong shook violently and their fused Hao Dong Power shot out, almost using up their entire strength.





The burning Bright Goddess Butterfly opened its dazzling pair of wings and slowly hugged the Spirit Eye image. Flash! The Bright Goddess Butterfly disappeared and the Spirit Eye, now huge, glowed with blue and purple light.





In that moment, a dazzling blue and golden light blossomed in the Spirit Eye’s light shadow. The light slowly faded as the image hovered protectively over the still-embracing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





The huge Spirit Eye looked very profound, as if the entire world was within its gaze. The next moment, a terrible blue, purple, and gold tri-colored light shot out.





This beam had a magical color and flew out straight, in its path, all vegetation turned to nothingness. That brilliant moment stretched to eternity. The tri-colored light trail left behind halos that did not disperse, and became a blur of dazzling color.





However, Huo Yuhao and Wang dong failed to see this scene. When that light burst, Hao Dong Power drained their energy. They felt so weak that they instantly fell to the ground, unconscious……





Battle Spirit Fusion Skills have always been very powerful, and this was their first attempt, they had to learn the process of fusing two Battle Spirits. The Spirit Power and mental power consumption was huge, and since they had never before experienced this situation, fainting was not strange.





Still holding and hugging onto each other, they just fell down flat…





A silent night…





An eventual dawn…





Without knowing when, Wang Dong awoke from this coma-like sleep, and felt in his heart the urge to die.





Bad enough that it was in bed the last time, but today, looking at it, they are still holding each other tight, but in a mess of dust, cut grass, and dew. They had directly fallen asleep in the field. Was this the legendary night stand?





“Huo Yuhao, you let me go.” Wang Dong struggled to climb from Huo Yuhao’s arms, his face holding a look of hysteria.





Huo Yuhao opened his hazy eyes and was shocked to find out the sky was already bright, he sat up to stand. But the next moment, he saw standing in front of him, and staring down at him, Wang Dong with a face like a storm might strike.





Wang Dong gnashed his teeth and glared at him, “Yesterday, you said we wouldn’t fall asleep hugging like that?”





“I, I said that?” Huo Yuhao said blankly.





“You…, I’ll fight you.” Wang Dong shoved forward, then sat astride Huo Yuhao’s body, hands striking at his face.





Huo Yuhao quickly caught his hands, eyes blankly looking to the side, “You, you see…”





“What are you looking…” words came out of Wang Dong’s mouth as his eyes subconsciously glanced in the direction that Huo Yuhao was looking in. With this glance, he was also unable to take back his gaze.





They were stunned to see, in a 45-degree angle off to their side, there appeared a ditch. A very strange ditch.





This ditch was about five meters wide, a third of a meter deep, and extended straight for about fifty meters, and then it quietly disappeared.





If it was only the size of the ditch, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong would never have been so surprised. After all, they had used Battle Spirit Fusion, and even spent all of their Spirit Power, such that they had been unconscious all night, so powerful would be normal.





But the most terrifying thing was that in the trench that was supposed to be filled with mud, there was a shining layer of pale gold, exactly the same pale gold color as Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eye Battle Spirit.





Not just the soil on the ground, because the path the ditch passed through contained a few trees, a tree close to the edge of the sweep had a semicircular depression cut into it, the surface of that depression also presented a pale gold color. On both sides of the trench, all vegetation that had just been grazed had been left with such a color.





At this moment, under the shining sun, a thin layer of brilliant pale gold color, like a golden road, was presented before Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. Seeing this, how could they not be surprised?





“This, this was caused by your Bright Goddess Butterfly?” Huo Yuhao asked blankly.





Wang Dong, still astride him, subconsciously shook his head and said, “No, absolutely not. Although my Battle Spirit is gold, it is a bright gold or a blue and gold, not this pale gold. This, this looks like the same color as your Spirit Eye!”





Huo Yuhao patted his thigh and said, “Get down, we have to go look.”





“Ok.” Wang Dong, at the moment, was caught up in the golden road, and did not pay attention to Huo Yuhao patting close to his butt, but stood up and stepped away; Huo Yuhao also immediately stood up, and the two walked to the front of the gold road and squatted down.





Wang Dong reached out to touch it, but was grabbed by Huo Yuhao, “You said this is like my Spirit Eye color, so let me.” Then his other hand probed into the ditch to touch the top of that gold color.





<Part 2>





Huo Yuhao withdrew his hand as quick as lightning after a slight touch. He was shocked. When he came in contact with that golden color, he felt as if his mind turned chaotic. A powerful wave appeared in his sea of consciousness. That feeling was like being hit by Soul Assault.





“This, this is the result of our Spirit Fusion Skill? You try it.” Huo Yuhao quickly turned toward Wang Dong.





Wang Dong was already extremely curious and quickly touched the golden trench.





His reaction was even greater than Huo Yuhao’s. His entire body went lifeless and couldn’t recover for quite a few moments.





They looked at each other and saw the shock in each other’s eyes.





“This, this is too fierce. This is only the remnant of our Spirit Fusion Skill, yet I felt as if I was hit by your Soul Assault ability. What would happen if someone were to be hit directly?” Wang Dong’s voice shook with excitement. There isn’t a single Spirit Master who doesn’t hope to have such a powerful skill.





Huo Yuhao said, “Look, the range of this attack should be around fifty meters in a straight line. Right now, we still don’t know if we can lock on to the opponent. The power really is humongous and should be both destructive and mental attribute. It probably raised our attack power by many times. To hit someone with this straight on, the power…”





Wang Dong nodded with excitement, “Also, the Spirit Fusion Skill’s power will increase as our cultivation increases! Our Spirit Fusion Skill really is domineering. If we meet the net of those Lan Sisters again, we would definitely be able to break through!”





Huo Yuhao was just as excited but he appeared more calm, “Wang Dong, how do you think we should use our Battle Spirit Fusion Skill? I don’t think a Spirit Elder can withstand this kind of power!”





Wang Dong’s face stiffed, “That is a problem. For the power to be too big is difficult. Also, we can only use it once so we can’t use it to scare people. We would faint after we use it.”





Huo Yuhao responded, “The experience from this first experiment is not enough. We would probably expend less energy next time. But we would still only have enough for a single attack. A powerful skill like this is still a good thing. We can practice it a few times later and it will get better as we’re more used to it.”





Wang Dong said, “Next time Ma Xiaotao tries to bully us, we can use it on her. With her cultivation, it probably won’t kill her so we can use it to show her our strength.”





“Our powerful Spirit Fusion Skill should have a name. Since my error in judgment made you sleep in the wilderness for a night, I’ll give you the honor of naming it.”





Wang Dong accepted without hesitation, “Okay. What should I call it? How about Death Stare?”





Before Huo Yuhao could open his mouth, Wang Dong had already rejected it, “No, no. This is a Spirit Fusion Skill from both of us. How can we not include a trait from my Battle Spirit? Let’s call it, Bright Goddess Glare. So cool.”





Huo Yuhao looked at him speechless, “Your Bright Goddess Butterfly is a bright goddess? That was supposed to describe a butterfly as pretty as a goddess that can bring light. Before questioning the existence of a bright goddess, even if there is, it still doesn’t have anything to do with you.”





Wang Dong’s face darkened, “Why can’t you say something nice? Do you want it to be called Butterfly Glare? Doesn’t that sound even worse?”





Suddenly, his eyes brightened, “Oh right, even though it is a Spirit Fusion Skill, why do we have to include our Battle Spirit? That is too boring. For such a gorgeous golden color, and the radiance produced with our Battle Spirit Fusion, why don’t we call it: Fading in Radiance, Road of Gold. How about that?”





Huo Yuhao’s eyes widened, “That name sounds good, but isn’t it too long?”





Wang Dong proudly said, “The longer length shows our power. We can simplify it to Golden Road. Not like other people will know what it is. Later, we can call Teacher Zhou here and have her help us judge the power and effect of this Fading in Radiance, Road of Gold. This way, we can have a more accurate expectation for when we use it.”





When Wang Dong said the words “Teacher Zhou” Huo Yuhao suddenly felt chills going down his spine. He turned his head to look at the rising sun.





Wang Dong was also reminded by this sudden movement and also thought of something. They looked at each other and screamed at the same time before breaking out in a run.





Going to be late again…., and this time, it is for an elimination match, to be late again….





In order to return to Shrek Academy with the greatest speed, they held hands to use HaoDong Power. Not only was their energy expenditure low, it also let them have a higher average speed.





Fortunately, they weren’t too far and it didn’t take them very long to get back. But they were still late.





Outside of the examination area stood a row of the academy’s teachers. Around thirty people, including old lady Zhou Yi.





Her gaze right now was not friendly. Even after looking through nearly two hundred students standing below her, she still couldn’t find the people she was looking for.





Xiao Xiao had arrived early and waited in frustration. Registration had already begun. And it started with Class One. However, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were not there. If they still have not arrived by the end of the registration period, then it will count as a forfeit. Not only would it be missing a great opportunity but they would also have to endure the fury from Teacher Zhou! For someone like their teacher, Xiao Xiao would probably end up suffering as well.





What are those two guys doing? They were late yesterday, now they’re doing it again today?





Class One had the greatest number of participating students so their roll call time was also the longest. When it reached Xiao Xiao’s group, other than Xiao Xiao answering, neither Huo Yuhao nor Wang Dong answered. When this happened, not only was the entire freshman student body shocked, but even the teachers were just as shocked.





In Shrek Academy’s history, this was not the first, but it was still a very rare event. Even if they had passed the Freshman Examination, if they don’t appear for the elimination contest, they would be considered to be defying the academy and leave a bad impression on all the teachers.





The roll call teacher paused a moment before continuing calling out names from other classes. It wasn’t until Class Six that Huo YUhao and Wang Dong appeared.





The two were in a hurry, and also slept in the wilderness, so they didn’t get a chance to wash up in the morning. They looked as embarrassing as possible with an untidy appearance and hints of dirt and dew on their clothes.





However, since things have already progressed to this point, they could only bite the bullet. It’s not like they can actually forfeit!





<Part 3>





“Reporting in.” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong yelled out after running in front of the teachers.





The roll call teacher immediately stopped. This teacher was around fifty, had a large frame, with a dark, hairless face and showed a stern appearance.





“Which class do you two belong to? What happened?”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong both recognized this teacher. He was called Du Weilun. The director of the Outer School Battle Spirit Department. He had the greatest power in the outer school.





Huo Yuhao loudly responded, “Teacher Du, Class One Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, late because of over-practicing.”





Du Weilun’s face darkened, “To be late for the examination. Do you still have any sense of time? I will give you two the punishment of cleaning every hallway in the Freshman Academic Building after the matches today. Return to your group.”





“Yes.” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong quickly responded as they let go of a breath within their hearts. It was good as long as they didn’t lose their rights to compete. They quietly ran back to Class One’s group and stood with Xiao Xiao.





Du Weilun looked at Zhou Yi standing nearby before continuing on his list of names. With his temper, if it were any other student, they would have immediately been stripped of their rights to compete. However, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong performed exceptionally well in the round robin matches and obtained a complete victory. Only this feat allowed this iron faced director give them some leniency.





Even though achievements don’t count for everything at Shrek Academy, having a good potential with good grades will still gain better treatment. This is the same at any academy.





“What were you two doing? Just wait until after the matches and old lady Zhou will fix you guys up. Look at her eyes. They look like daggers. If a look could kill then you guys would have been sliced into a thousand pieces,” said Xiao Xiao angrily.





Wang Dong said in frustration, “Stop your jibber-jabber. It is all Huo Yuhao’s fault. If he didn’t drag me out to practice and misjudge the time, how could we have been late?”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong had decided on the road that they will keep their Spirit Fusion Skill a secret for now. No matter what, they still don’t plan to use it during the Freshman Examination. They decided that as long as they tell this good news to Teacher Zhou, it will settle her thunderous fury. At the same time, she can help them practice. After they get more familiar with it, they can use it in subsequent rounds of the examination.





Very soon, the Outer School Battle Spirit Department Director, Du Weilun had finished the roll call. Next is the lottery. Since this was only the Freshman Examination, it didn’t involve too many complex rituals. Huo Yuhao represented his team and obtained a ballot. The sixty four groups of students will be separated to thirty two areas for their matches.





The students had a day of rest yesterday while the Examination District was rearranged. The partition walls were shifted to make up sixteen areas. This time, each area’s space was many times bigger. The students participating in the elimination competition will have a larger space.





The rules for the elimination rounds are very simple. One match in the morning, one in the afternoon. The groups that are eliminated will go directly back for lessons while the winning teams will continue competing. It will take a total of three days to determine the top three.





After the lottery, the sixty four groups will immediately begin at the same time to determine the top thirty two. This way, the examination time can be shortened and give winning students more time to rest for their matches in the afternoon.





This time, Huo Yuhao’s team was assigned to Area Fifteen. The proctor also changed. It was a thirty year old female teacher, who looked very good natured.





When they were drawing lots, they didn’t know what kind of opponent they would meet. When they arrived for the first match, they saw that it was a group from their own class. This elimination contest became an inner battle.





Huo Yuhao knew all three of their opponents. There was one that even tried to fight Wang Dong, but was beaten up by him in private.





Since Huo Yuhao was Zhou Yi’s chosen team from Class One, their power was unmatchable by other groups. Even though their opponents had great tenacity, under Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s fighting with Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing support, the fight was over before ten minutes. They smoothly entered into the top thirty two.





However, when the Huo Yuhao trio walked out of the Examination Area, their celebratory air suddenly disappeared. In front of the Examination Area waited Old Lady Zhou.





“Xiao Xiao, you go back first to rest. You two, come with me.” Finishing this sentence, Zhou Yi gave a cold snort and turned to walk away.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong felt chills on their backs. Good thing they were already prepared. After a glance at each other, they followed Zhou Yi. Xiao Xiao could only give them a glance showing she could only wish for her own happiness.





This time, Zhou Yi brought them to her own office. As Class One’s homeroom teacher, her office was in the Teaching District, north of the Dormitory and behind the black and purple upper class academic buildings. The office building only had one floor and only she was working there just then.





As they followed Zhou Yi into the office, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were surprised.





This cold-hearted and strict Teacher Zhou had an elegant office. All the walls of the office were painted in a pale pink. The desk was made of a special kind of reddish wood. There was also a bright red sofa for visitors and other decorations. Inside, there was a little door that lead to a resting area. It has to be said that Shreak Academy treated their teachers well. Even a Freshman class homeroom teacher had her own, independent office.





Huo Yuhao was the last one in and closed the door carefully. Zhou Yi was already sitting on the bright red sofa for guests with her arms crossed in front. She coldly said, “Start talking. What is wrong with you two? So good! Late two days in a row. Is it because you guys passed the Freshman Examination, hardened your wings, and now I can’t control you guys? Let me tell you. If I want to expel you from the academy, it will only take me a single sentence. This world has never lacked geniuses. Most of the people expelled by me were geniuses with only one problem. They didn’t have the temperament to become strong. Give me a reason to not expel you two.”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong glanced at each other. Wang Dong bumped him, signaling him to explain.





Huo Yuhao could only harden his will and say, “Sorry Teacher Zhou. It is our fault.” In the past three months, they had become accustomed to Zhou Yi’s temper. Arguing won’t give them any benefits and would only make Old Lady Zhou more angry. So they kept a good manner for the possibility of receiving a lesser punishment.





<Part 4>





“Sorry is not going to cut it. Do you think that being late is not a big deal? However, I have to tell you that being late can represent laziness. At your age, that is a huge deal. Just with that one reason, I can expel you two. Come on, give me a more logical reason.”





Huo Yuhao then said with respect, “Teacher Zhou, please don’t get mad. Do you remember the twins, Lan Shushu and Lan Luoluo, in Huang Chutian’s team?”





“Yes,” Zhou Yi acknowledged.





Huo Yuhao then continued: “During that battle we almost lost because of the Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. It was only when the three of us worked together, were we barely able to win the battle and received all wins for the competition.”





“After we got back, both Wang Dong and I were envious of how powerful their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill was, so we decided to give it a try and see whether our Battle Spirits can be fused. Because the school does not have a specific course for it, we decided to try for ourselves. Surprisingly, after the first try, our Battle Spirits seem to have almost fused together. However, during the time of fusion, we both fainted on Wang Dong’s bed. When we woke up, we were already late for class and that was the reason for yesterday’s lateness.”





During Huo Yuhao’s explanation, he felt Wang Dong’s two fingers lightly pinched the flesh on the back of his waist and twisted one hundred and eighty degrees. He felt the pain but was afraid to show it. The muscles on his face became tense.





“Battle Spirit Fusion?” Zhou Yi was a bit startled. She was not expecting such a reason. Unintentionally she asked: “Was it successful?”





Huo Yuhao scratched his head and said: “Yesterday, we didn’t know if it was successful. So when you told us to go run laps, we tried it again and it seemed to have worked. Last night, we ran outside of the academy to try a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. Unexpectedly, it actually worked. And its attack power was relatively strong. But, we overexpended our Spirit Power after using the skill and fainted. By the time we woke up, we were late again. Teacher Zhou, we really were late because we were practicing. It was only an accident and we promise that it will never happen again.”





Huo Yuhao sneakily raised his head and peeked at Zhou Yi to see a blank face.





“You, you’re saying that you two wanted to try Spirit Fusion. And succeeded?” Zhou Yi’s voice obviously raised to a higher pitch. She stood up at the same time with a face full of shock and joy.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong nodded at the same time.





Zhou Yi excitedly said, “Hurry. Let me see what your Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Teacher Zhou, we still have a match this afternoon. When we use the ability, it will greatly expend our Spirit Power.”





Zhou Yi replied angrily, “Your first use would expend the most. Afterwards, it wouldn’t be as much. If you fainted every time you used a Battle Spirit Fusion, then wouldn’t that be the same as suicide? Hurry up. I will help you guys recover Spirit Power. It won’t affect your match this afternoon. Come, direct it towards me.”





Since Zhou Yi had already said so much, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong couldn’t reject her. They faced each other and Huo Yuhao naturally opened his arms to hug Wang Dong. Even though Wang Dong was a bit stiff, he didn’t resist but closed his eyes and opened his arms to hug Huo Yuhao back.





When their bodies touched, they also released their Battle Spirits.





Spirit Power immediately connected and started circulating within them. They gained the feeling that their bodies were fused together.





One second, two seconds, three seconds….





Zhou Yi’s office was so silent that even a needle falling on the ground could be heard. But other than the Spirit Power fluctuation from Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit release, there was no other movement.





Zhou Yi looked at them with wide eyes. She had already prepared her defenses but after Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong hugged, nothing happened. The muscle next to the corner of her eye started twitching.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong also felt that something was wrong. Based on what happened last night, their Spirit Power should be have been quickly sucked out! Then it should explode and fade in radiance to express a true power’s great attack. But now, nothing happened.





“Are you two joking?” Zhou Yi’s cold voice seemed to have been squeezed through her teeth. As the sounds reached Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s ears, they unconsciously shivered and released their arms. Their face also showed a look of astonishment.





They both felt death in teacher Zhou’s aura. This old lady was obviously close to exploding.





Huo Yuhao said hurriedly: “Teacher Zhou, that’s how we succeeded yesterday night at releasing our skill. We don’t know what happened.”





Zhou Yi said coldly: “You two hugging in my office. Are you trying to brag about your gay love? Today, I’m going to take good care of you two…”





Huo Yuhao acted quickly before Zhou Yi was able to finish her sentence. He grabbed Wang Dong’s hand and simultaneously shared his Mental Detection with Zhou Yi.





“Huh?” Zhou Yi’s anger was just going to explode when her surrounding suddenly became extremely clear. The clarity expanded and within a blink of an eye, everything within hundreds of meters in diameter all showed up in 3D within her mind.





When did the area became this huge? Zhou Yi remembered clearly that it was only thirty meters when Huo Yuhao showed it to her last time. This time it became hundreds of meters! This increase was way too big.





Seeing Zhou Yi was a bit stunned, Huo Yuhao hurriedly explained, “Teacher Zhou, do you remember? I said before that my Mental Detection would increase as my cultivation increases. After your patient guidance in these last three months, my Mental Detection can already reach a diameter of around fifty meters. I also figured out a way to focus it toward a single direction. That way, the detection range would be even bigger. What you are feeling now is around a diameter of a hundred meters. But, it is not all my own effort. After Wang Dong and I performed Battle Spirit Fusion, our Spirit Power also fused. It is only with his help that my spirit ability could gain such a big advancement. The new range increased by more than two times the old range. Similarly, my Spirit Power can also improve his spirit abilities. Isn’t this enough to prove that we succeeded in Battle Spirit Fusion? We really did figure out a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill yesterday. If you don’t believe us, we can take you to the place we experimented. There should still be marks left.”





Hearing this, Zhou Yi gradually calmed down. She knew that she was too impulsive.





In the last three months, she saw everything that Huo Yuhao did in the academy. In her memories, there has never been a single student as hardworking as he is. Also, Huo Yuhao was more steady than people his age and had some degree of maturity. Even if he were to lie, he wouldn’t use such an easily seen-through one.





Even though Zhou Yi was Shrek Academy’s teacher, she didn’t know very much about Battle Spirit Fusion Skills. No matter what, there were too few people who could achieve it. Hearing Huo Yuhao’s explanation, she had already started believing them and her anger also quickly receded.





She waved her hands and said, “Enough. Retract your ability. I will believe you guys. But, if your Battle Spirit Fusion Skill works sometimes and not others, then there must be something wrong. You two wait for a bit in my office. I will go find a teacher who is more familiar with Battle Spirit Fusion Skills and have him give you an explanation.”





Old Lady Zhou had always moved like thunder. She left quickly after finishing her sentence.





After she left, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong let go of their breaths and fell backward on the sofa. Huo Yuhao raised his hand and wiped away the cold sweat on his head. Wang Dong also wanted to wipe away his sweat but found his hand still being held by Huo Yuhao.





“Let go.” Wang Dong said as he pulled back and glared at him. “It’s all your fault. If you didn’t go out to experiment, then we wouldn’t have been caught by Old Lady Zhou. Now we don’t have much of a secret.”





Huo Yuhao laid back on the sofa and laughed, “If you want to blame me then blame me. But, this isn’t such a bad thing. With a teacher’s guidance, a lot of time will be saved from training. When will you change your complaining attitude. It’s only me who can endure it.”





Wang Dong snorted and said, “That is with you. If it was with anyone else, I would be too lazy to even complain. However, it was worth it today just seeing Old Lady Zhou’s shocked expression. Do you think she would still teach us after we finish our elimination contest?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Hard to say. Teacher Zhou has a very broad expertise but still has certain specialties. But our class grade is low and our cultivation weak. It is not enough for Teacher Zhou to show what her real expertise is in, yet. Anyway, we will know after we get assigned to new classes after the elimination contest. I hope we can keep learning from her. Even though she is very strict, that isn’t a bad thing for us. At least it would motivate us to cultivate and learn.”





“Sorry is not going to cut it. Do you think that being late is not a big deal? However, I have to tell you that being late can represent laziness. At your age, that is a huge deal. Just with that one reason, I can expel you two. Come on, give me a more logical reason.”





Huo Yuhao then said with respect, “Teacher Zhou, please don’t get mad. Do you remember the twins, Lan Shushu and Lan Luoluo, in Huang Chutian’s team?”





“Yes,” Zhou Yi acknowledged.





Huo Yuhao then continued: “During that battle we almost lost because of the Lan sisters’ Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. It was only when the three of us worked together, were we barely able to win the battle and received all wins for the competition.”





“After we got back, both Wang Dong and I were envious of how powerful their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill was, so we decided to give it a try and see whether our Battle Spirits can be fused. Because the school does not have a specific course for it, we decided to try for ourselves. Surprisingly, after the first try, our Battle Spirits seem to have almost fused together. However, during the time of fusion, we both fainted on Wang Dong’s bed. When we woke up, we were already late for class and that was the reason for yesterday’s lateness.”





During Huo Yuhao’s explanation, he felt Wang Dong’s two fingers lightly pinched the flesh on the back of his waist and twisted one hundred and eighty degrees. He felt the pain but was afraid to show it. The muscles on his face became tense.





“Battle Spirit Fusion?” Zhou Yi was a bit startled. She was not expecting such a reason. Unintentionally she asked: “Was it successful?”





Huo Yuhao scratched his head and said: “Yesterday, we didn’t know if it was successful. So when you told us to go run laps, we tried it again and it seemed to have worked. Last night, we ran outside of the academy to try a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. Unexpectedly, it actually worked. And its attack power was relatively strong. But, we overexpended our Spirit Power after using the skill and fainted. By the time we woke up, we were late again. Teacher Zhou, we really were late because we were practicing. It was only an accident and we promise that it will never happen again.”





Huo Yuhao sneakily raised his head and peeked at Zhou Yi to see a blank face.





“You, you’re saying that you two wanted to try Spirit Fusion. And succeeded?” Zhou Yi’s voice obviously raised to a higher pitch. She stood up at the same time with a face full of shock and joy.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong nodded at the same time.





Zhou Yi excitedly said, “Hurry. Let me see what your Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Teacher Zhou, we still have a match this afternoon. When we use the ability, it will greatly expend our Spirit Power.”





Zhou Yi replied angrily, “Your first use would expend the most. Afterwards, it wouldn’t be as much. If you fainted every time you used a Battle Spirit Fusion, then wouldn’t that be the same as suicide? Hurry up. I will help you guys recover Spirit Power. It won’t affect your match this afternoon. Come, direct it towards me.”





Since Zhou Yi had already said so much, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong couldn’t reject her. They faced each other and Huo Yuhao naturally opened his arms to hug Wang Dong. Even though Wang Dong was a bit stiff, he didn’t resist but closed his eyes and opened his arms to hug Huo Yuhao back.





When their bodies touched, they also released their Battle Spirits.





Spirit Power immediately connected and started circulating within them. They gained the feeling that their bodies were fused together.





One second, two seconds, three seconds….





Zhou Yi’s office was so silent that even a needle falling on the ground could be heard. But other than the Spirit Power fluctuation from Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit release, there was no other movement.





Zhou Yi looked at them with wide eyes. She had already prepared her defenses but after Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong hugged, nothing happened. The muscle next to the corner of her eye started twitching.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong also felt that something was wrong. Based on what happened last night, their Spirit Power should be have been quickly sucked out! Then it should explode and fade in radiance to express a true power’s great attack. But now, nothing happened.





“Are you two joking?” Zhou Yi’s cold voice seemed to have been squeezed through her teeth. As the sounds reached Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s ears, they unconsciously shivered and released their arms. Their face also showed a look of astonishment.





They both felt death in teacher Zhou’s aura. This old lady was obviously close to exploding.





Huo Yuhao said hurriedly: “Teacher Zhou, that’s how we succeeded yesterday night at releasing our skill. We don’t know what happened.”





Zhou Yi said coldly: “You two hugging in my office. Are you trying to brag about your gay love? Today, I’m going to take good care of you two…”





Huo Yuhao acted quickly before Zhou Yi was able to finish her sentence. He grabbed Wang Dong’s hand and simultaneously shared his Mental Detection with Zhou Yi.





“Huh?” Zhou Yi’s anger was just going to explode when her surrounding suddenly became extremely clear. The clarity expanded and within a blink of an eye, everything within hundreds of meters in diameter all showed up in 3D within her mind.





When did the area became this huge? Zhou Yi remembered clearly that it was only thirty meters when Huo Yuhao showed it to her last time. This time it became hundreds of meters! This increase was way too big.





Seeing Zhou Yi was a bit stunned, Huo Yuhao hurriedly explained, “Teacher Zhou, do you remember? I said before that my Mental Detection would increase as my cultivation increases. After your patient guidance in these last three months, my Mental Detection can already reach a diameter of around fifty meters. I also figured out a way to focus it toward a single direction. That way, the detection range would be even bigger. What you are feeling now is around a diameter of a hundred meters. But, it is not all my own effort. After Wang Dong and I performed Battle Spirit Fusion, our Spirit Power also fused. It is only with his help that my spirit ability could gain such a big advancement. The new range increased by more than two times the old range. Similarly, my Spirit Power can also improve his spirit abilities. Isn’t this enough to prove that we succeeded in Battle Spirit Fusion? We really did figure out a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill yesterday. If you don’t believe us, we can take you to the place we experimented. There should still be marks left.”





Hearing this, Zhou Yi gradually calmed down. She knew that she was too impulsive.





In the last three months, she saw everything that Huo Yuhao did in the academy. In her memories, there has never been a single student as hardworking as he is. Also, Huo Yuhao was more steady than people his age and had some degree of maturity. Even if he were to lie, he wouldn’t use such an easily seen-through one.





Even though Zhou Yi was Shrek Academy’s teacher, she didn’t know very much about Battle Spirit Fusion Skills. No matter what, there were too few people who could achieve it. Hearing Huo Yuhao’s explanation, she had already started believing them and her anger also quickly receded.





She waved her hands and said, “Enough. Retract your ability. I will believe you guys. But, if your Battle Spirit Fusion Skill works sometimes and not others, then there must be something wrong. You two wait for a bit in my office. I will go find a teacher who is more familiar with Battle Spirit Fusion Skills and have him give you an explanation.”





Old Lady Zhou had always moved like thunder. She left quickly after finishing her sentence.





After she left, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong let go of their breaths and fell backward on the sofa. Huo Yuhao raised his hand and wiped away the cold sweat on his head. Wang Dong also wanted to wipe away his sweat but found his hand still being held by Huo Yuhao.





“Let go.” Wang Dong said as he pulled back and glared at him. “It’s all your fault. If you didn’t go out to experiment, then we wouldn’t have been caught by Old Lady Zhou. Now we don’t have much of a secret.”





Huo Yuhao laid back on the sofa and laughed, “If you want to blame me then blame me. But, this isn’t such a bad thing. With a teacher’s guidance, a lot of time will be saved from training. When will you change your complaining attitude. It’s only me who can endure it.”





Wang Dong snorted and said, “That is with you. If it was with anyone else, I would be too lazy to even complain. However, it was worth it today just seeing Old Lady Zhou’s shocked expression. Do you think she would still teach us after we finish our elimination contest?”





Huo Yuhao responded, “Hard to say. Teacher Zhou has a very broad expertise but still has certain specialties. But our class grade is low and our cultivation weak. It is not enough for Teacher Zhou to show what her real expertise is in, yet. Anyway, we will know after we get assigned to new classes after the elimination contest. I hope we can keep learning from her. Even though she is very strict, that isn’t a bad thing for us. At least it would motivate us to cultivate and learn.”





Chapter 24 – The Bet

Part 1





Wang Dong said while laughing, “Are you a sadist? Oh yeah, we should cultivate a bit here. When Old Lady Zhou comes back later, she will see us practicing and she will definitely think that we’re very hardworking. Her mood would improve a lot.”





Huo Yuhao raised his hand and knocked at the top of Wang Dong’s head. “You sure are good at taking shortcuts.”





“Bullshit, you’re the one who’s good at taking shortcuts. We still have a match in the afternoon and therefore it is crucial that we recover as soon as possible. What’s wrong with wanting to do a bit of recovering? Are you coming or not? Hurry up.” While saying so, he had already taken off his shoes and sat cross-legged on the sofa. In addition, he extended his hands towards Huo Yuhao.





Huo Yuhao was always someone who would cultivate when he had time. Naturally, he wouldn’t refuse. He imitated Wang Dong’s manner and connected their four palms. The two people simultaneously urged their Spirit Power to move.





When their Spirit Powers began to circulate and fuse with each other, their feeling differed to some extent from yesterday’s cultivation. The two people’s Spirit Power seemed to become even more intimate. Moreover, the initial fusing speed was clearly faster than yesterday’s. Practically one touch, and HaoDong Spirit Power emerged. Spurred on by their respective consciousnesses, it started circulating along their cultivation paths. Compared to yesterday, the cultivation speed was at least ten percent faster.





Due to them closing their eyes the moment they began cultivating, they didn’t realize that above their interlocked pair of hands, a dim blue, purple, and gold tri-colored light was slowly emitted. It revolved around their arms and began to circle their bodies. Gradually, their bodies were also covered in a layer of this color.





Originally, they only wanted to recover a bit of their Spirit Power. But since they started, they quickly entered into a meditative state, completely oblivious of the outside world.





Soon after they started cultivating, Zhou Yi had returned with someone. If Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were still aware, they would have been greatly shocked. Because the person who she brought was actually their proctor, Wang Yan, from the round robin rounds.





Wang Yan was shocked and Zhou Yi blanked upon seeing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong in cultivation. Right after, they made a gesture to be quite toward each other at the same time.





Zhou Yi’s eyes showed a questioning look but Wang Yan shook his head. Then he quietly walked next to Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong and bent down. After carefully examining their situation, he focused on their Spirit Power fluctuations.





The more he felt it, the more shocked Wang Yan’s face appeared. He subconsciously rubbed his hands together.





Zhou Yi and Wang Yan had known each other for more than a day or two. She knew that this movement meant he was both anxious and excited. She was a teacher herself, she could feel the mystery surrounding Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s current situation. It was something she had never encountered before. Two Spirit Masters were actually combining their cultivation and instead of conflicting, their Spirit Power actually fused. From the blue, purple and gold color flowing rapidly outwards, one can see how fast they were cultivating. Even a three ring Spirit Elder may not be able to achieve their current speed!





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong stopped after finishing thirty-six continuous cycles. Not only did they recover all the Spirit Power they expended in the morning’s match, they even advanced a step.





They let out a long breath at the same time and gradually retracted their Spirit Power. The glow on their bodies also slowly dissipated.





Opening their eyes, both were filled with a refreshing feeling. Cultivating like this was a pleasure. However, they were quickly surprised by who was in front of them.





“Teacher Zhou? Teacher Wang?” Huo Yuhao was shocked after seeing Zhou Yi and Wang Yan, each in a chair not far from the sofa, focused on them.





Wang Dong was also surprised. Only now did they notice that they were still in Zhou Yi’s office.





Huo Yuhao said with some awkwardness, “Teacher Zhou, we wanted to quickly recover our Spirit Power to prepare for our match in the afternoon, so…”





Zhou Yi waved her hand, “You don’t need to explain. Knowing to work hard is a good thing. This is Teacher Wang Yan, the most exceptional teacher in the Theoretical Department. His standing is even a grade higher than mine. He also has a lot of research into Battle Spirit Fusion.”





Wang Yan slightly smiled, “I think we don’t need an introduction. We have already met. Their round robin matches’ proctoring teacher was me.” By now, his mind had returned to a calmer state. As for the heart, only he would know.





“Teacher Wang.” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong bowed to Wang Yan together.





Wang Yan nodded, “I had already carefully inspected your cultivation situation. Originally, I didn’t believe what Zhou Yi told me. But looking at it now, it seems it was me who was inexperienced. I can completely confirm your claim toward Zhou Yi. You guys really did accomplish Battle Spirit Fusion and should have a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill.”





Zhou Yi looked at him with shock but didn’t interrupt.





Wang Yan continued, “Your Spirit Powers actually managed to fuse together without a hint of conflict and even managed to help in your cultivation. This is the first time such a phenomenon has occurred in our Shrek Academy’s ten thousand years of records. The only explanation is that your Battle Spirit Fusion is 100% perfect. This is the only mythical situation which would let your Spirit Power fuse and enjoy an increase in cultivation speed. Congratulations. I can predict that you guys will become the pride of Shrek Academy in the future.”





Huo Yuhao was impressed after listening to Wang Yan’s words. He had heard perfect Battle Spirit Fusion from Daydream Iceworm before. However, Wang Yan had not even known them, yet was able to analyze the situation so perfectly. No wonder he was one of the representative figures within the school.





Wang Dong then asked with confusion, “Teacher Wang, if that’s the case, why did our Battle Spirit Fusion fail today? Just moments ago, me and Huo Yuhao tried it and were unable to release the skill!”





Wang Yan chuckled and said, “Do you think that Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is an ordinary skill? It’s not that simple. Only when your Battle Spirit and mental strength are both at their best state can the skill be released. It’s my first time to see a perfect Battle Spirit Fusion happen. From my experience, there is a buffering period. During this period you are unable to release the skill. Normally, the time is about seven days. As your cultivation level increases, the buffering time period will shorten until you have total control over the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill.”





Part 2





Huo Yuhao asked: “Teacher Wang, then when can we use the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill as we wish?”





Wang Yan answered, “That would be very far into the future. Both of you would need to reach level seventy and gain the pure essence of the Battle Spirit before you can freely use the fusion skill. It is the same rule to every Spirit Master. However, it is very possible that you two have perfect Battle Spirit Fusion. Therefore, I suggest that from today on you try to release the skill every day, until it actually happens. That’s the only way to find out the buffering period between each release. When you two are sure of this time, then come see me. I would love to see what your Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is. I am very curious indeed.”





After Wang Yan’s explanation, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong understood the Battle Spirit Fusion Skill much more clearly.





Standing on their side, Zhou Yi asked, “Teacher Wang, since they have perfect fusion, besides aiding in each other’s cultivation, what other benefits are there?”





Wang Yan chuckled and said, “Teacher Zhou, don’t be so greedy.You already found two great treasures. Simply by aiding each other in cultivation can already help them to increase their cultivation speed by one fold. Although it doesn’t show much right now. However, after a couple of years, I can be sure no one in their age group can match their Spirit Power. However, it wasn’t wrong for you to ask. The difference between a perfect Battle Spirit Fusion and a normal Battle Spirit Fusion is power. I think you should have already thought of that. According to the rule of Battle Spirit Fusion, the higher the compatibility, the more powerful the skill. However, I have never seen such a perfect compatibility. Therefore, I wish to personally witness the power and the result of their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill.”





Zhou Yi nodded and said, “Thank you for your knowledge, Teacher Wang. Should we report this together?”





Wang Yan shook his head. With a smile, he said, “It’s ok, you can report it yourself. It’s long overdue since you should have been promoted to senior teacher. Furthermore, it was you that discovered the two little guys. I’m not going to steal your credit.”





Zhou Yi smiled and nodded.





Wang Yan stood up and said, “You two need to work hard. You’ve gotten to the first thirty-two in the competition now. After entering the top eight, there will be more hard work to be put in. The top officials within the school would then be watching. Also, the winner’s prize is very attractive even in the eyes of the teacher. Don’t let this chance slip by. I believe we will be seeing each other again in the future. Come find me if any questions come up. My office is on the fourth floor. Teacher Zhou, I’m leaving now.”





Zhou Yi walked Wang Yan all the way to the outside of the office. Before Wang Yan walked away, he once again deeply glanced at Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





Zhou Yi did not return back into the office. Instead she waved at Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, “Let’s go. It’s lunch time. Today’s lunch is on me.”





Although she didn’t explicitly state that she’s sorry, however, taking them to lunch was her way to apologize for not believing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





It was hard for the two of them to believe what was happening. However, they quickly understood and ran happily out of the office and followed Zhou Yi to the cafeteria.





Zhou Yi was definitely not stingy. She ordered the top dishes from the cafeteria. Don’t mention Huo Yuhao, even Wang Dong hasn’t tried such fine meals.





The prices of the top dishes in the cafeteria are extremely high. The price varies by day. However, they were always measured in gold coins. Today, there are two top dishes. Zhou Yi ordered two of each, costing her a total of about sixty gold coins.





“Teacher Zhou, you are spending too much…” Huo Yuhao said shyly. Even after selling roasted fish for this many days, he hasn’t even saved sixty gold coins yet.





Zhou Yi said, “Eat it while it’s warm. Don’t think that the school makes the top dishes to make a profit. In reality, out of all the dishes in the cafeteria, only the top dishes are the ones losing money.”





“Why?” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong asked at the same time.





Zhou Yi smiled and said, “For the health of the students, of course. Either of you know what the dish is?” Zhou Yi pointed at the dishes in front of her.





Both of the dishes smelled extremely delicious with a strong aroma. One looked like a stew while the other like a clear soup.





The stew consists of mainly lean meat and tendons. The soup is both thick and rich. The meat is tender and soft. Even the tendons have become gelatinous. Even a glance would increase someone’s appetite.





The clear soup had a slight pale golden color. There was nothing in there, just broth. However, the scent filled the air, even more rich than the stew. There was a faint herbal scent.





Undoubtedly, Huo Yuhao was unable to name any of them. Wang Dong hesitated for a second and said, “Teacher Zhou, the stew seems to be made of Scaled Magic Crocodile. As for the soup, I’m not sure.”





Zhou Yi nodded and said, “You really are the disciple of a famous clan. You are correct. This stew is made with the Scaled Magic Crocodile. It is an amphibian Spirit Beast with immense power. Its meat greatly improves Spirit Masters and raises constitution and resistance. It is something you can never have too much of. This meat is as tough as steel. To make this so soft requires the highest form of culinary skill. So, not only does Shrek Academy have the best teachers but also the best chefs. Mature Scaled Magic Crocodiles are at least of the thousand year Spirit Beast level. Now do you know how precious this dish is?”





“As for the soup. It is made from a flying type Spirit Beast. It has the power to improve your internal organs and help stabilize our auras. It is good for cultivation.”





“I had said before that in this Freshman Class, there are already three people who are Spirit Elders. They have good potential and are willing to work hard. But they are all from famous families. They had the greatest food and medicine support from young to achieve what they have now. Wang Dong had probably received similar treatments before coming to the academy. As for why you haven’t reached three rings, I think it is probably because of your lazy character or some special situation. Also, if I remember correctly, you have just turned eleven.”





Wang Dong nodded, “Teacher Zhou, I can definitely get my third ring before reaching twelve.”





Part 3





Zhou Yi said: “Okay, you guys hurry and eat. After you finish eating, go rest for a bit. The competition in the afternoon will start soon. I will report your possession of a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill to the higher ups. If you really become core disciples, the academy will provide you with such delicacies for free. You know how much this would help your cultivation. However, just having a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is not enough for you to become core disciples. Our Shrek Academy has never lacked geniuses. Your ranking in the elimination competition will greatly impact whether or not you can enter the core group. To tell you the truth, I also graduated from the outer school in the past but could not enter the core. So I did not have the qualifications to enter the inner school. Becoming core disciples is an important step after entering the academy. Within the core disciples, almost half have successfully entered the inner school. Becoming core disciples means you have received the school’s recognition. Do you understand?”





“Yes.” Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong answered at the same time and immediately began eating in big bites.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong agreed with Zhou Yi’s praises of the chef. Huo Yuhao had never eaten such high quality foods before. But Wang Dong was different. He had these delicacies before but the chefs of his family could not be compared to those here.





After finishing the delicious meal, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong felt slightly warm, especially within their stomach. Waves of warm feeling radiated to their limbs. You get what you pay for!





Zhou Yi escorted them all the way to the dormitory entrance. Before leaving, she held Huo Yuhao’s arm and faintly said, “Even if you are not born as a nobleman, you can use your own power to become one.”





Finishing this sentence, she turned and left. From before the meal to now, her coldness seemed to have completely disappeared.





In front of the dormitory, the elder who never cared about anything was still sitting in his chair. He seemed to have heard Zhou Yi’s words and mumbled something that no one could hear clearly.





Huo Yuhao greeted the elder out of habit and entered with Wang Dong. After eating good food, he wanted to cultivate a little. Wasting is shameful! The match in the afternoon would obviously not be as easy as the one in the morning.





Freshman Examination, Elimination Contest, thirty-two advancing to sixteen began with the afternoon bell in the Examination Area.





Compared to the morning, students participating have reduced to half. After drawing lots once again, they immediately headed for their assigned districts to start the match.





Since this was on the same day, the arenas did not change much but only sixteen were used.





There stood a twenty meter high platform, north of the Examination Area. It had six metal poles as support. From the bottom, it was impossible to see how many people stood on it. From twenty meters up, it was enough to see the situation in every district.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were not late this time but came early to draw lots. Xiao Xiao could finally let go of a breath.





This time, their examination district was number eight. By the time they arrived, the other team that also got a number eight lot was already there.





What surprised Huo Yuhao’s team was that their opponents were all girls. They also had extremely beautiful features.





Observation Platform.





Zhou Yi quietly stood on the platform, scanning the matches that were about to start. During the first round, freshmen class one was the biggest winner. However, at the elimination round, more powerful students were able to show off their potential and strength. After the battles to determine the 32 best teams out of 64, there was only five teams left from class one. Although still more than the other classes, the advantage was now not very apparent.





The 32-choose-16 battle will be extremely important.





“Teacher Zhou, searching for your seed team? I just saw the lottery. Such a coincidence. Your seed group just happened to match our class’s seed group at examination district eight. Who do you think is going to win?” A thirty something female teacher came next to Zhou Yi and said with a hint of a smile.





Zhou Yi’s eyes narrowed, “Mu Jin, you believe that your students are going to win for sure?”





Although Mu Jin was not young in age, she could definitely be described as young and beautiful. She smiled and shook her head, “That’s not it. Nothing is definite. However, I didn’t hear about any special talents from your class. Not one above level 30. Such a shame.”





Zhou Yi’s glance became cold, “Are you picking a fight?”





Mu Jin’s smile also disappeared from her face, “What if the answer is ‘yes?’ Isn’t class one supposed to be good? I want to see exactly how many of your students can make it to the top eight. Previously, when my seed students got your seed students, I felt great. Last time, you expelled my brother; even after I begged you. This is the first time I felt so good since then. I heard that you wanted to get a promotion to become a senior teacher. I guess it will be going up in smoke again.”





Zhou Yi did not pay attention to Mu Jin’s provocative expressions but looked down toward the examination area to determine Huo Yuhao trio’s district eight. Then she faintly said, “Want to bet?”





Mu Jin’s goal was to anger and embarrass Zhou Yi, so she answered without hesitation, “Bet. What do you have to bet with me?”





Zhou Yi finally stopped ignoring her and turned to face her. In a grave tone, she said, “A spirit bone. Do you dare?”





Hearing the words “spirit bone,” Mu Jin’s pupils contracted a bit.





For Spirit Masters, spirit rings are a very precious existence that is needed by everyone to break through bottlenecks.





However, spirit bones are a hundred times more precious. Every Spirit Master can obtain a set of six spirit bones: head, torso, and four limbs.





Each spirit ring can provide the Spirit Master with an ability and a hundred-thousand year spirit ring can provide two. That is to say, a normal Spirit Master who cultivates to a nine ring Titled Douluo level should have nine skills. However, spirit bones belong to a different category. Each spirit bone can also provide the Spirit Master with a skill. It can even greatly increase the body’s constitution depending on where it fuses.





Spirit rings are formed from every Spirit Beast but spirit bones are not. Only a hundred-thousand year old Spirit Beast has a sure chance of producing a spirit bone. For Spirit Beasts below the hundred-thousand year level, there is only a one out of ten-thousand chance of getting a spirit bone! Any spirit bone’s appearance would result in Spirit Masters fighting over it.





Part 4





The Spirit Master world has a saying that if one wants to become an exceptional Spirit Master, then he will have to improve his Spirit Power and obtain spirit rings that are at the limit for each level.





However, if one wants to become a peak Spirit Master, one of Douluo Dalu’s powerhouses, then he will need his own spirit bone. The more spirit bones, the greater the power. From a certain perspective, spirit bones can also have the same effect as pills. Fusing with any spirit bone can increase a Spirit Master’s Spirit Power.





Just then, Zhou Yi had proposed to use spirit bones as a bet, which had a meaning of robbing Mu Jin of all she had. How could Mu Jin not have been surprised? More importantly, she didn’t understand where Zhou Yi’s confidence had come from.





Zhou Yi’s expression revealed disdain for her, “If you are afraid then get away from me. Don’t let me catch a wiff of your disgusting perfume.”





Mu Jin’s eyes flashed, “Fine, I’ll bet with you. Do you think a few empty words would scare me away? If I lose, I will give you a spirit bone. If you lose, then make Fan Yu create a modern spirit guide device for me.”





Zhou Yi coldly replied, “I am the one betting with you, not him. If I lose, I can also give you a spirit bone.”





Mu Jin snorted, “I don’t want your spirit bone. I only want Fan Yu to make me a modern spirit guide device.”





“Okay, then I will agree for her.” A deep voice sounded out. A large figure had unknowingly appeared beside Zhou Yi. Wasn’t this the Spirit Guide Department teacher that Zhou Yi had taken Huo Yuhao to see?





Seeing Fan Yu appear, Mu Jin’s color suddenly changed. Her arrogance had suddenly completely disappeared. Her face was slightly pale. She took a slight step back and looked at Fan Yu with red eyes, “You are partnering with her to bully me.”





Fan Yu’s face was calm and his eyebrows slightly raised, “It was you who wanted to create trouble. If you want to bet then do it. If you don’t want to bet then don’t provoke Zhou Yi. As for us and you, we are all colleagues, so let it go.”





“Bet, of course I will bet. Even if I lost to her, it doesn’t mean my students will lose to her students.” Mu Jin violently turned and grabbed the tall platform’s railings. Her watery eyes turned toward the Examination Area.





Huo Yuhao’s trio didn’t know that there was such a scene on top of the observation platform, but were instead focused on their opponents.





The three opposing girls looked very beautiful with the same freshmen uniform. The girl who stood in the front was slightly taller than Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, with short, golden hair. She looked very neat. She also had big, water blue eyes with long eyelashes and a few small freckles on her face.





Behind her to the left, was a girl who had a head of short, fiery red hair. Her eyes were a rare shade of red as well. With a glance, she seemed rather scary. However, if observed more carefully, it could be seen that her features were extremely delicate. Even her skin was white as jade. However, her glance was extremely cold, enough to be compared to Old Lady Zhou.





The girl on the right presented a great contrast with the girl on the left. Her long, pale green hair falls behind her. Her dark eyes seemed gentle. The softness makes people unconsciously want to take care of her.





The examiner said, “Both teams enter and state your names.”





Six people on both sides stepped into the wide arena at the same time. The three of them still used their old formation, Wang Dong in front, Xiao Xiao in the middle and Huo Yuhao at the back.





However, the three girls changed their formation as the golden hair girl who stood in the front stepped back and the other two stepped up in front of her.





The short, red haired girl declared proudly, “Freshman Class Nine, Wu Feng. Level twenty-five, offense type, Spirit Grandmaster.”





The pale green haired girl looked at her with blame as if annoyed at her arrogance. She even told her opponents her Spirit Power level. However, she did not change this reporting style and said with a soft tone that was the opposite of Wu Feng’s chill, “Freshman Class Nine, Nanmen Yun Er. Level twenty-four, agility type, Spirit Grandmaster.”





From behind the two girls sounded a dull voice, “Freshman Class Nine, Ning Tian. Level thirty-one, support, tool type, Spirit Elder.”





Huo Yuhao’s trio was shocked at those words. A level thirty-one Spirit Elder? They really couldn’t imagine that they would meet one of the three ring Spirit Elders in a thirty-two advance sixteen match, and she was a support, tool type Spirit Master.





It’s important to know that tool Spirit Master’s cultivation speed is usually slower than battle Spirit Master’s. But their opponent was able to cultivate to level thirty-one at only twelve years old and even have three spirit rings. This was not simply a matter of talent.





Even though they were shocked, they still remembered to introduce themselves. Similar to their opponents, they also started from the offense type battle Spirit Master.





“Freshman Class One, Wang Dong. Level twenty-four, offense type, battle Spirit Grandmaster.”





“Freshman Class One, Xiao Xiao. Level twenty-two, control type, battle Spirit Grandmaster.”





Huo Yuhao was the last to speak out, “Freshman Class One, Huo Yuhao. Level seventeen, control type, battle Spirit Master.”





Hearing the number seventeen, the opposing Wu Feng visibly puckered her lips, showing a contemptuous gesture.





Wang Dong slightly narrowed his eyes and his gaze focused on Wu Feng. Without knowing why, when he saw Wu Feng’s contemptuous eyes, his heart seemed to have been lit afire.





Wu Feng also felt his gaze. They looked into each other’s eyes and Wu Feng snorted. Before the match had even started, the smell of gunpowder had already started emerging from the two sides.





Huo Yuhao patted Wang Dong’s shoulder. Wang Dong looked back and their eyes locked. Even though nothing was said, they had understood each other’s meaning.





Just then, the proctoring teaching yelled, “Match begin.”





Wang Dong tapped the tip of his foot against the ground and shot out like an arrow. As he charged forward, the pair of dazzling, blue-and-golden wings began to expand.





No matter how much confidence Wu Feng, Nanmen Yun Er and Ning Tian had, they couldn’t but blink their eyes and secretly admire the beauty of those dazzling Bright Goddess Butterfly wings.





Wu Feng also bounced forward with a thick wave of heat pouring out of her. There was even the slight sound of a dragon’s roar. Wu Feng’s body suddenly became more slender. When her body was in the air, she seemed to have become a fully developed sixteen or seventeen year old girl. Her slender body broke her uniform as it expanded, showing her personal wear.





She was obviously prepared as her inner clothes were made of an elastic leather. She revealed a pair of large, meaty legs. Her leather clothes clung to her body and engulfed her bountiful breasts inside.





A layer of faint red glowed on her skin. Starting from the left side of her face, her skin was covered in a tight layer of dragon scales extending toward her neck down and followed to cover her entire left arm and hand.





Compared to Beibei’s Blue Lighting Tyrant Dragon’s spirit possession, Wu Feng’s dragon Battle Spirit was more gentle. The fire attribute red dragon had a top level Battle Spirit’s aura as two yellow spirit rings rose from her feet.





Even though Wu Feng’s body looked slender and glamorous, it also gave people a sense of explosive force. With a flash, she had already appeared in front of Wang Dong. She swung her left arm directly at Wang Dong’s body.





Meeting this direct attack, Wang Dong did not directly use his spirit ability but turned his body in the air. His right leg shock out like lightning and collided against Wu Feng’s left arm.





With a muffled pong, Wang Dong’s body flashed through the air five meters. Wu Feng went directly toward the ground. With this direct collision, it was obvious that Wang Dong suffered a loss. Even though they were both offense type battle Spirit Masters, their strong points were different. Comparing the strength of their bodies, the Bright Goddess Butterfly would obviously not have any advantages against the Red Dragon.





Just then, Ning Tian team’s Nanmen Yun Er also moved. When she started, her body was as light as a feather but still moved rapidly toward where Wang Dong and Wu Feng had just collided. With a flash, she had already closed in by more than ten meters to appear in front of Xiao Xiao.





Only after coming close could one see that, unknowingly, a pair of jade green wings had appeared on Nanmen Yun Er’s back. The wings were not big and couldn’t be compared to Wang Dong’s dazzling Bright Goddess Butterfly. But Nanmen Yun Er’s speed was unparalleled as her hands also turned jade green, like having been sculpted from jade, and slapped toward Xiao Xiao.





At the same time, Ning Tian extended her right hand and clearly called out, “Seven treasures produce crystal.” Her body rotated once off the ground as a dazzling seven colored ray appeared from her body. Just then, the seven colored glow gathered on her palm as a one foot tall, seven colored pagoda appeared.





This pagoda flickers with streams of overflowing colors. There seemed to be countless gems embedded in it. It drew the gaze of everyone on the observation platform with only its appearance.





Two yellow, one purple. Three rings rose from Ning Tian’s palm and circled the seven layered pagoda on her palm.





On the observation platform, Mu Jin turned her head toward Zhou Yi and Fan Yu to see their shocked expressions. Zhou Yi called out with shock, “Nine Treasure Crystal Clan, Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda!”





Chapter 25 – Seven Treasure Crystal Vs. Spirit Eyes

Part 1





If Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly is the most beautiful of Beast Battle Spirits, then the pagoda in Ning Tian’s hands would be the most magnificent of Tool Spirits.





Ning Tian’s clear voice rang out at the same time the pagoda appeared.





“The famous Seven Treasures, Day One: Speed.” The first spirit ring on the pagoda started shining. Its thick, yellow glow covered the pagoda and made it even more magnificent. Two dazzling rays flew out of the pagoda to fall on Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er’s bodies.





Huo Yuhao had activated his Mental Detection and Sharing since the start of the match. What surprised him was that he actually couldn’t detect the Spirit Power movement from Ning Tian and also couldn’t detect her use of a spirit ability. There was a fantastic layer of fluctuations on the light streaming pagoda standing on Ning Tian’s palm that protected her Spirit Power within. It could actually shield her from Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection.





What is this Tool Spirit to have such immense power?





What shocked Huo Yuhao’s trio was still to come. As the two rainbow rays fell upon Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er, the situation suddenly changed.





The speed of Nanmen Yun Er’s slap toward Xiao Xiao suddenly sped up, leaving only a blur in the air.





If it wasn’t for Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, Xiao Xiao would have suffered a great loss. The moment Nanmen Yun Er was shined upon by the rainbow ray, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing warned Xiao Xiao. At the same time, Huo Yuhao, standing behind her, grabbed her and pulled her back. Only then did she manage to dodge Nanmen Yun Er’s palms.





As this was happening, Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron also activated. With a black flash, a huge cauldron descended from the sky and fell on the ground with a tremendous bang. Xiao Xiao’s first spirit ring also started shining, Cauldron Tremor!





From the start of the round robin contest to now, Nanmen Yun Er was the fastest opponent they had encountered. With the help of the pagoda, her speed had completely exceeded that of the two ring level. Even a three ring, agility type, Spirit Elder may not have such speed.





Under this situation, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing became even more important.





After missing the first hit, Nanmen Yun Er charged forward again. From her perspective, speed should be able to overcome everything and finish this match in a short time.





However, she felt a hidden danger at the moment she charged forward. Her charging body suddenly stopped stiffly. Her first spirit ring shone and the jade glow on her hands expanded. Faintly, one could see that a layer of green glow had covered her arm. It gave the same feeling as Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wings, but its power was obviously somewhat lower.





The moment she came to a sudden stop, the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron suddenly fell on the ground, separating her and Xiao Xiao.





Nanmen Yun Er wanted to dodge past it to continue attacking, but Xiao Xiao’s Cauldron Tremor activated.





In the violent roar, the powerful tremors engulfed her body and immediately sent Nanmen Yun Er into a momentary daze.





It can be said that pairing Xiao Xiao’s Cauldron Tremor with Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing makes a killing weapon that can empty the field. Even with Nanmen Yun Er’s swift speed, she still suffered a loss.





The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron instantly charged toward Nanmen Yun Er’s body.





When the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron fell and released its ability, Ning Tian, who stood far away, spoke out again, “The famous Seven Treasures, day two: dispel.”





Another ray fell upon Nanmen Yun Er’s body. She was supposed to be dazed but her condition was forcefully removed. Afterwards, she quickly retreated and dodged the cauldron’s attack.





Huo Yuhao glanced at Ning Tian and thought, with shock in his heart, Such a powerful support type Tool Spirit, and she has amazing judgment. Even though she doesn’t have my Mental Detection ability, she could instantly determine changes on the battlefield and act to support her team without hesitation.





It could be seen from her display of the previous two spirit skills that her first skill should substantially increase her partners’ speed while her second skill had the ability to remove negative effects and seals and so on. These skills enable her partners to return to their peak fighting conditions. Regardless of whether it was battle experience or Battle Spirit ability, they were all worthy of Spirit Elder level strength!





Huo Yuhao was surprised, but not as much as Nanmen Yun Er and Ning Tian. Naturally, their surprise had nothing to do with Huo Yuhao. In their eyes, the formidable one was Xiao Xiao due to her rapid retreat and usage of spirit ability. Moreover, that Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s falling position and timing could practically be described as perfect. Adding on to that, it happened to restrain Nanmen Yun Er’s spirit ability by unexpectedly obstructing Nanmen Yun Er’s certain victory hit. It almost reversed the control and forced Ning Tian into using her second spirit ability. It couldn’t help but make the two girls view Xiao Xiao in a new light.





On the other side of the battlefield, the battle between Wang Dong and Wu Feng was also in full swing.





Both sides were top-notch Beast Battle Spirits. After Wu Feng had obtained Ning Tian’s amplification, her attack and travel speed increased steeply. Simultaneously, she released her first spirit ability, Dragon Fire.





A layer of dense red flame was emitted from within her body and revolved within a range of approximately one foot from her body. Every hit she made carried the high temperature of the Dragon Fire. It caused Wang Dong no small amount of trouble.





However, Wang Dong’s fighting strength didn’t yield to the opponent’s in the slightest. His second spirit ring was thousand-year level. The two rings’ amplification of his body was still above Wu Feng. The Bright Goddess Butterfly Battle Spirit’s rarity was even greater than the Red Dragon’s. The opponent’s speed did increase, but don’t forget, Wang Dong had Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing! He opened his pair of Guillotine Wings. Not only was his fighting strength at the level of his opponent, he could also gain an upper hand using the ability to foretell the future.





Since completing Battle Spirit Fusion with Huo Yuhao, a kind of tacit understanding faintly arose between them. Even the effect of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing on Wang Dong surpassed Xiao Xiao. Often, Wang Dong only needed the start of the Mental Detection’s analysis before his Guillotine Wing would strike out. The attacks left Wu Feng helpless. She clearly felt that her current condition was stronger than her opponent’s, but she was still unable to take the upper hand. She didn’t dare to use her own body to clash with Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wing. However, Wang Dong’s pair of Guillotine Wings were like a tapeworm in her stomach, before she was even able to act, her opponent was already waiting there for the attack. This kind of suffering that makes people want to spit blood caused Wu Feng to repeatedly let out shrill screams.





Fortunately, her current speed was above Wang Dong’s and her movements were much faster. Although Wang Dong could anticipate the opponent’s movements, the more important thing was his own defense. Otherwise, even if he could determine the direction of the opponent’s attack, if his speed couldn’t keep up, then he would still get the worst of it.





Part 2





When both sides showed their Battle Spirits, everyone had a winner in mind. Even Zhou Yi on the observation deck lost her confidence. However, no one would have predicted that Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao were not at all weaker than their opponents.





Mu Jin whispered to herself in disbelief, “How is this possible? What are they doing? With the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda, their speed can increase 40%! That would make them equivalent to Spirit Elders. How are they still not able to win?”





Zhou Yi turned around and met eyes with Fan Yu. Fan Yu gave a questioning look and Zhou Yi nodded. Fan Yu suddenly realized and his gaze now landed on the seemingly insignificant Huo Yuhao with only one ten-year spirit ring.





“It’s him?”





“Yep.”





Yes, it is Huo Yuhao.





Ning Tian could be said to be the top support Tool Spirit Master in her level. However, who said Huo Yuhao with Spirit Eye isn’t? Even though he only had this one Battle Spirit at the moment, don’t forget he was fighting against two and three ring opponents. He was able to cancel the advantages of the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda with his Mental Detection and Sharing.





This is the greatness of the million year old ring. With the aid of Mental Detection and Sharing, he was able to control the entire battle, while Ning Tian’s speed increase was only able to affect two people.





The battle temporarily reached a stalemate. Although Xiao Xiao was able to block Nanmen Yun Er’s attacks, she was still afraid to make any careless moves. The opponent’s speed was way too fast. She had already released all three of her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldrons in order to protect herself and Huo Yuhao with the help of his Mental Detection and Sharing. The truth was, she was being forced to respond.





Wang Dong on the other side was in a similar situation. He could only preserve his condition in this non-explosive situation since it was hard to fight back. His opponent’s speed was too fast and if he made a mistake, it would give his opponent an advantage.





A hint of doubt flashed in Ning Tian’s eyes and she subconsciously looked toward Huo Yuhao who stood behind Xiao Xiao’s back. Xiao Xiao had a small figure and could not completely block Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao was also staring right at her.





Their eyes met and Ning Tian cooly narrowed her eyes while Huo Yuhao nodded toward her with a slight smile.





It’s him? Ning Tian finally realized as she saw the glowing white spirit ring on Huo Yuhao’s body.





From the start of the battle, be it her, Wu Feng, or Nanmen Yun Er, everyone had overlooked Huo Yuhao’s existence. It was inevitable since he was only a level seventeen Spirit Grandmaster with only a ten year spirit ring. He had nothing that would draw the attention of these heavenly geniuses.





Now that the two sides had fought to this extent, the attentive Ning Tian had found something was wrong. She was also the first one to suspect Huo Yuhao since the start of the Freshman Examination.





Someone with a ten year spirit ring could actually become a member of Shrek Academy? Also, his spirit ring had been shining since the start, meaning he had been using a spirit ability the entire time. This made Ning Tian remember that he had proclaimed himself to be a control type Spirit Master.





What is his Battle Spirit? What kind of spirit ability is he using?





With a flash of light, Ning Tian yelled out, “Yun Er, attack the guy with one ring at the back.”





Like Huo Yuhao’s role in his team, Ning Tian was the brain of her three person group.





Hearing Ning Tian’s words, Nanmen Yun Er suddenly sped up. However, she did not directly attack Huo Yuhao but attacked Xiao Xiao. Her figure turned and went toward the nearby Wang Dong.





Nanmen Yun Er’s speed was just too fast. Even though Wang Dong could use Mental Detection to feel her approach, it was impossible to react. It was also too late for Xiao Xiao to help.





With this, their opponents fully used the speed advantage and two people used their powers to hit Wang Dong.





Nanmen Yun Er and Wu Feng cooperated very well. The moment Nanmen Yun Er moved, Wu Feng standing on the other side suddenly started glowing red. Her second spirit ring flashed and the roaring dragon’s fire on her body turned dark red. The scales on her body turned thicker and red light flashed from her eyes. Her left hand had also turned completely into the shape of a dragon’s claw.





This was Wu Feng’s second ability, Dragon Fury.





In the Dragon Fury condition, her offense and defense abilities experienced an explosive increase. At the same time, it improved all her other spirit abilities. Dragon Fire’s temperature increased hundreds of degrees in an instant and distorted the surrounding atmosphere.





Nanmen Yun Er also activated her own second spirit ability. Her yellow, hundred year ring flashed. As she leapt toward Wang Dong, her hands had raised to the top of her head. A jade green glow on her head formed a curved, moon shaped, light saber that cut toward Wang Dong.





Her Battle Spirit is the Jasper Bluebird. The first spirit ability she used before was called Jasper Blade, turning her arms into blades. And this second ability, called Jasper Slash, is a combination with her first ability.





Agility Spirit Masters had always been known for their speed and offensive power. It was easy to imagine the power of this attack. The dark green light blade made a graceful arc in the air as it slashed toward Wang Dong. The most important thing is that this strike has a locking effect that makes it impossible to dodge.





Two Spirit Masters used their second spirit abilities under the support of the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda toward Wang Dong at the same time. This was obviously meant to one shot Wang Dong. As long as they got rid of this offense type Spirit Master, the rest of them wouldn’t be their opponents. This was winning with speed. It doesn’t matter what the opponents do, they will still be suppressed.





However, how can Huo Yuhao’s trio sit back and do nothing? If it were anyone else, he would have been caught off guard. However, they have the advantage of knowing Nanmen Yun Er’s path, along with their plans, the moment they moved.





It was true that based on speed, they would not be able to react. However, at this time, the three of them made different moves to react to the attack.





Xiao Xiao’s gaze hardened. She raised both of her hands and her aura suddenly changed. A hint of softness appeared on her face. Right after, the two yellow spirit rings on her body suddenly became one. Her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron was in suspension above her head while a jade green bamboo flute appeared in her hands.





This jade flute was very long. The surface also had vivid phoenixes resting. Compared to the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s calmness, Xiao Xiao’s expression when holding this flute was like that of a newly descended fairy.





The single spirit ring suddenly started shining as a faint melody sounded. The melody was not very beautiful but instead gave a sticky feeling. A layer of jade green light also rose from within Xiao Xiao’s body and spread outward.





Part 3





No matter how fast Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er were, they couldn’t possibly be faster than sound. As they used their spirit abilities to attack Wang Dong, their speed suddenly decreased.





“Dual innate Battle Spirits!” Almost everyone viewing this battle sounded with amazement.





That’s right. What Xiao Xiao had shown right then was her second Battle Spirit: Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute. Even though this Battle Spirit only had one ring, it still allowed Xiao Xiao to display the power of a control type Spirit Master.





It’s worth noting that in the quality of the Battle Spirits, there is still a huge difference between her Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute and the Seven Treasured Crystal Pagoda. This first spirit ability could only delay 20% of her opponent’s speed. Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er were already used to the fast speed, so with just that 20% of decrease, they were affected by Wang Dong’s attack.





Naturally, Wang Dong obviously wouldn’t just let his opponent attack without reacting. When Mental Detection hinted that there might be something wrong, the second spirit ring, a purple thousand-year spirit ring, lit up.





The radiance of the purple spirit ring suddenly overshadowed the light from Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er. Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly wings also sparkled under the light.





Above the blue wings, the golden pattern seem to have lit up brightly like many small suns.





Those patterns all gathered at the tip of the wings. His left tip turned and faced towards the back, while the right wing faced Wu Feng. The patterns on both of the wings shined brilliantly.





Wang Dong’s whole body was now bathed in golden light. Almost instantly becoming the brightest existence in the whole battle.





On the observation deck, even the teachers who never noticed this side of the battle suddenly focused on them. What they saw was the powerful offensive ability behind the brilliant pair of wings.





The second spirit skill of Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly- Light of the Butterfly Goddess.





Even for Huo Yuhao, it was the first time to see the power of this spirit skill.





Wu Feng’s Dragon Fury was almost instantaneously swallowed by the golden light. On the other side, Jasper Slash was only able to slash halfway through the golden light as the light landed on Nanmen Yun Er’s body.





Warmth surrounded Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er, and then their bodies flew out. Wang Dong, however, did a cartwheel in mid air and landed handsomely on the ground.





This is the strength of the thousand years spirit ring!





However, no one saw the backstage battle of Huo Yuhao and Ning Tian.





In the instant when Wang Dong released his skill, Ning Tian chanted for the third time, “The famous Seven Treasures, Day Three….” Not only did her chant stopped at this point, the previous increases on Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er also disappeared.





Because of this, the Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute’s skill became more powerful. Instead of dodging with previous lightning speed, this time, Nanmen Yun Er was unable to dodge the Light of Butterfly Goddess. She fainted from the seemingly warm and harmonious light.





Of course Ning Tian didn’t make a mistake. The reason for everything was Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eyes sparkling with purple-gold lights. Soul Assault!





It is this Soul Assault that interrupted Ning Tian’s skill which increased the team’s speed. It also interrupted their thousand years level spirit skills.





The difference between Huo Yuhao and Ning Tian was very small. However, even people with high levels, such as Ma Xiao Tao, was be briefly dazed with the combination attack of Soul Assault and Purple Demon Eyes.





Ning Tian felt as if a needle was being into her brain after this attack. Everything in front of her eyes turned blank following with a sharp pain to her head. As her consciousness came back, Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er had already been sent flying by Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess.





　It was slightly better for Wu Feng. She was simultaneously releasing Dragon Fire and Dragon Fury. Both skills were great at defense. After this hit, there wasn’t much damage done, and she got up right away from the ground. Nanmen Yun Er, on the other hand, fell right into a coma; completely losing the ability to fight.





“Ning Tian, what are you doing?” Wu Feng gave a furious and quizzical look at Ning Tian.





NIng Tian had her hand on her forehead. She had just recovered from Soul Assault and her eyes were completely blank. She was the center of the team and understood what was happening right away. She had faltered from her opponent’s attack and focused her gaze on Huo Yuhao with his sparkly golden eyes.





“Wu Feng, Let’s give it our all.”





Just as she was saying that,, Ning Tian used the fastest speed she could chant, “The famous Seven Treasures, Day One: Speed. The famous Seven Treasures, Day Two: Dispel, The famous Seven Treasures, Day Three: Strength.”





Two yellow and one purple rings lit up on the pagoda. The three spirit rings made the pagoda in her hand extremely bright. Even the size seemed to have increased. The three light rays landed on Wu Feng and also reflected back to herself.





Her second spirit skill could cancel all the side effects of a support type spirit master. This time she used it on herself. She doubt Huo Yuhao would be able to interrupt her again.





Her thousand spirit ring was once again in use. This time, both Wu Feng’s speed and strength increased by 40%. Adding on the fact that all side effects were dispelled, she was now equivalent to at least a level 30 attack type Spirit Elder. Even without Nanmen Yun Er, they still had a great chance at winning this battle.





“Wang Dong, come back.” Huo Yuhao said.





He was not as showy as Ning Tian. Wang Dong flapped his wings and quickly returned to Huo Yuhao’s side. Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron floated to the front. Her two rings sparkled alternately as she released two battle spirits at the same time.





Huo Yuhao put one of his hands on Wang Dong’s shoulder. Wang Dong’s wings slightly closed, blocking Huo Yuhao’s body. Besides Wang Dong, nobody, at any angle, was able to see what Huo Yuhao was up to.





Pressing on to Wang Dong, Hao Dong power was now activated. This battle was becoming too difficult. And since they might face even stronger opponents tomorrow, Huo Yuhao didn’t feel like wasting any more time. He wanted to finish this battle.





Wang Dong could clearly see the purple light within Huo Yuhao’s eyes. The odd light suddenly spit out a three inches long flame. Although it was only for an instant, Wang Dong felt a terrifying spirit wave bursting out of Huo Yuhao.





Part 4





What Wang Dong felt was lessened due to their spirit fusion which provided them immunity to each other’s spirit abilities. If it were anyone else, even if the person does not receive the attack directly, he would have been dazed.





If Ning Tian had felt like her brain was being pricked by needles before, then this time she felt as if she was ferociously pounded by a sledgehammer. Everything before her eyes went blank, her body softened, and she fell to the ground. Furthermore, fresh blood flowed out of her nose and mouth like small snakes.





Her second spirit ability was only able to remove the support abilities while Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault was a mental type attack in the truest sense. How could her second spirit ability have been able to dispel it? Moreover, this attack was accomplished by Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s cooperation. Even if the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda Battle Spirit was stronger, it still wouldn’t have the ability to defend against a mental attack. In a sense, Ning Tian’s amplification ability just so happened to be restrained by Huo Yuhao.





Wu Feng had already started charging towards Huo Yuhao’s trio when her body suddenly slowed down. The amplified speed and strength that she had just a moment before completely disappeared. She was startled and turned her head back to look at Ning Tian just in time to see her fall. No longer caring about the enemy, she turned and ran back to Ning Tian’s side to hold her.





“Ning Tian, Ning Tian what’s wrong with you?” Wu Feng started panicking as she watched Ning Tian’s blood flowing out of her mouth and nose.





Xiao Xiao suddenly turned toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. She whispered in surprise, “You two made this mess?”





Wang Dong proudly smiled while Huo Yuhao shrugged his shoulders and said, “Your use of the word mess isn’t very good.”





The proctoring teacher at the side was somewhat stunned. It wasn’t until Huo Yuhao’s reminder that he declared the winners of this match. Although Wu Feng still had an unaccepting look on her face, there was no way she could have won against Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao without Ning Tian’s support and Nanmen Yun Er’s speed. Moreover, she was anxious to get Ning Tian treated and didn’t care about such things.





On top of the observation platform, Mu Jin had become completely lifeless long ago. She didn’t dare believe her eyes. Two Spirit Grandmasters plus one Spirit Elder, one having the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda, hailed as the number one tool spirit under the heavens, lost to two Spirit Grandmasters and a Spirit Master with only a ten-year spirit ring.





No one would have believed such an outcome was possible with this power difference.





However, the reality was in front of their eyes. Ning Tian’s team had lost.





Fan Yu’s eyes revealed a hint of a smile. He turned toward Zhou Yi and said, “This was really a marvelous match. Your students amaze me. Especially that Huo Yuhao. I didn’t expect that he would have this kind of ability.”





Zhou Yi’s eyes was filled with pleasure. “Let’s go,” she said, as she took the lead toward the platform’s stairs. When she passed by Mu Jin, she coldly swept a glance over her. But, she didn’t say anything. She leapt and jumped off the twenty meter high platform.





Fan Yu didn’t so much as look at Mu Jin, and similarly floated down to follow Zhou Yi.





“What did you two do just now? Why did Ning Tian lose consciousness?” After leaving the examination district, Xiao Xiao didn’t forget to ask about the suspicions in her heart.





Huo Yuhao chuckled as he said, “It was an attack using my mental power. She was caught off guard and got knocked unconscious by it.”





“Oh? It can do that? No wonder her previous spirit abilities were interrupted. That was also you?” Xiao Xiao had a shocked face.





Huo Yuhao nodded his head and said, “Maybe this is the body Battle Spirit’s advantage. In addition, this was also done with our Tang Sect’s Purple Demon Eye foundation. I used Purple Demon Eye to stimulate my mental power and create such a good result. As for me later calling Wang Dong back and the mental attack becoming stronger, that was because in the past few days, we have succeeded in Battle Spirit Fusion.”





Everyone were teammates. Xiao Xiao had done her best in the last match and Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s HaoDong power will still have uses in future battles so it was impossible to hide. They might as well tell her about it early, in case she develops resentment.





Xiao Xiao blankly stared at them, point to Huo Yuhao, then pointed to Wang Dong. She stuttered with a voice that made the two don’t know whether to laugh or cry, “I am becoming more and more suspicious of whether you two are gay….”





Huo Yuhao shook his head, “What are you talking about?”





Xiao Xiao lifted a hand each from both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, then put their hands together. She glanced at Huo Yuhao with contempt and said, “You don’t even know something so popular. Being gay is the romance between men.”





“You….”





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong ran at the same time. Xiao Xiao turned and ran while giving out a silvery, bell-like laughter. She still didn’t forget to release her Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute. She played a reducing speed tune to slow down the speed of the two guys chasing after her.





In complete contrast to their high spirited smiles and rowdiness, Ning Tian slowly woke up through the aid of a healing type high level Spirit Master in the infirmary.





She had just awakened when she couldn’t help but hug her head and curl herself up. The sharp pain from her brain made her forehead immediately overflow with cold sweat.





“Ning Tian, Ning Tian……”





Wu Feng hugged her body in deep concern. Nanmen Yun Er stood on the side with a face of confusion.





Their Teacher Mu Jin’s complexion was very gloomy as she faced the teacher who had just treated Ning Tian and asked, “What’s wrong with her? What caused her to become unconscious?”





The treatment teacher muttered, “I’m not sure. It seemed like her head was hit and resulted in a concussion-like symptom. However, you do know that our brain is the most intricate organ. Even till now, no one can say to completely understand it and therefore, I can only make a diagnosis based on the symptoms. Also, I can’t say it very well. It feels like her head was hit and thus causing a concussion. Luckily, her Spirit Power is healing very well. There shouldn’t be any major issues and she should recover soon.”





“Thank you.” Mu Jin thanked the treatment teacher and came to the bedside.





After a brief period of unresponsiveness, Ning Tian’s headache gradually eased up and her breathing also became much calmer.





Nanmen Yun Er softly asked Mu Jin, “Teacher Mu, what happened at the end? How did we lose the match?” Even now she still didn’t understand why her side had lost.





Mu Jin’s complexion was grave and she remained silent. How could Nanmen Yun Er’s question not be the doubts in her heart? She also didn’t know where they had lost in this match. She can clearly see the whole battle on the observation deck. Yet, she was not able to see the details that went on. Especially when Huo Yuhao, whom Wang Dong had used his two wings to cover, had used HaoDong power to launch Soul Assault. Hopefully Ning Tian can answer this question after she wakes up.





After a another quarter of an hour had passed, Ning Tian slowly awoke from her unconscious state. When she opened her eyes, she couldn’t help creasing her brows again. The pain in her head had already dulled a lot and her consciousness had gradually returned.





Wu Feng supported her up to drink a bit of water. Only then did Ning Tian’s pale face look a bit better. Seeing Mu Jin standing in front of the bed, her charming face couldn’t help displaying a trace of shame, “Teacher Mu Jin, we lost.”





Mu Jin nodded at her and said warmly, “Don’t worry about it. It’s ok to lose the battle as long as you are ok.”





Mu Jin’s words brought warmth to Ning Tian’s heart, “Teacher Mu, can you see what exactly did we lose to from the observation deck?”





Mu Jin was stunned, “You don’t know as well?”





Ning Tin touched her forehead and focused, “After helping Wu Feng, I increased the three complementary skill just in case. However, the next moment, I saw a ball of purple golden light in front of my eyes. Then, it seemed like a large hammer landed on my head and I became unconscious.”





Wu Feng furiously said, “Bastards! How can they be so harsh. Teacher Mu, we can’t just let it go like this.”





Mu Jin glanced at her coldly, “What did you expect? This is an examination. You think it is one of the game battles in the clan?





Wu Feng lowered her head and stopped talking. However, she still held a tight fist and both anger and hatred could be seen within her eyes.





Mu Jin asked Ning Tian, “Think carefully, did anything strange happen before you fainted?”





Ning Tian thought for a second and said: “Although I don’t know how they did it, the problem must be that Spirit Master. From the beginning to end of the battle, his spirit ring continued shining. This means that he must have been constantly releasing an ability that we could not detect. I vaguely saw golden light flashing in his eyes. With only a ten-year ring, he must be special to form a team with such a strong Battle Spirit Master and a dual spirit control Spirit Master. He also stopped my aid to my team during a critical point. At that time, my head felt like it was poked by a needle. However, the second time, his attack was much stronger.”





Thoughts flowed into Mu Jin’s brain. That’s right! The newbie Spirit Master did almost nothing throughout the whole battle. It was always the Bright Goddess Butterfly and the dual spirit Spirit Master that were fighting the battle. What was his use? Zhou Yi’s confidence must be related to the ten-year ring newbie.





After calming her anger, Mu Jin said: “We already lost. Just use this experience as a lesson. All of you have already passed the new student examination and therefore will probably face each other again in the future. Ning Tian, just rest well for now.”





“Thank you, Teacher Mu.”





Chapter 26 Weighing The Country, Cauldron Shock





Part 1





Mu Jin left and Nanmen Yun Er said her farewells, too. Only Wu Feng remained to keep Ning Tian company. Even though the three of them were a team, the truth was that Ning Tian and Wu Feng had a much closer relationship. Nanmen Yun Er was just their classmate.





“Young master, we can’t just let it go. That bastard dared to hurt you. Should we move our family’s power?” said Wu Feng with hatred.





Ning Tian’s eyes flashed with a hint of dissatisfaction, “Sister Feng, don’t let anger cloud your intelligence. This is Shrek Academy. How can we easily move our family’s power? Also, we lost based on our own abilities and there is no reason to blame anyone. We will need to use our own power to wipe clean this humiliation. And, I said before that you shouldn’t call me young master in the academy. We are sisters.”





“Okay.” Wu Feng answered obediently and softly nodded.





After Ning Tian thought for a moment, she said, “Tomorrow, we will try to observe their match. If we watch carefully, we will definitely be able to catch some clues. Winning against us can’t be only luck. They have real power. I think that ten-year spirit ring student is called Huo Yuhao. He is worth our attention. He might become our most powerful opponent during our time in the outer school.”





Good thing elimination matches were carried out separately and do not allow many observers so no one paid much attention to Huo Yuhao’s trio.





After successfully entering the top sixteen by defeating one of the strongest teams, Huo Yuhao’s trio not only understood their own powers but gained confidence. They no longer feared Spirit Elders. Didn’t they just win against a Spirit Elder team? Even a powerful team like Ning Tian’s lost to them. They were overjoyed.





The roast fish promised to Xiao Xiao finally became reality. Huo Yuhao ran out to sell twelve and saved the rest for a picnic with Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. They didn’t go back until the sky darkened.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong washed up. Huo Yuhao knew Wang Dong was fussy so he put on a new set of clean clothes. “Your bed today or mine?”





Wang Dong’s face hardened and he angrily said, “Will you die if you add the words ‘training’? Don’t make it sound so ambiguous.”





Huo Yuhao felt helpless, “Don’t listen to Xiao Xiao. I won’t like you. I admire beautiful girls.”





Wang Dong snorted, “We will each stay on our own beds. Yours is too hard.”





Huo Yuhao frowned, “Don’t be annoying, hurry up. Let’s cultivate together so we can double our cultivation speed. Don’t you want to catch up to Ning Tian’s Spirit Power level faster?”





Wang Dong gave a sly smile, “Who is being annoying. Who said we can’t cultivate together if we sleep on our own beds? Just drag your bed over and leave a 50cm gap to my bed. That way, we can just extend our arms while sitting on our own beds. The gap can be the divide.”





Huo Yuhao rolled his eyes, “Aren’t you tired? Isn’t this just deceiving yourself?”





Wang Dong glared with his pair of big, beautiful eyes, “Are you coming or not? If not, then I’m going to sleep. I’m not such a hardworking person anyway. If it wasn’t for you, who would want to cultivate at night.”





“Fine, you win.” Without any choice, Huo Yuhao could only move his bed next to Wang Dong’s and sat on his own bed.





Wang Dong raised his hands and their palms touched. HaoDong power quickly started circulating.





Winning against Ning Tian today was the first time they tried to use HaoDong power to use a spirit ability. They had succeeded. Both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong could feel that their combined power can change all of their spirit abilities to Battle Spirit Fusion Skills. To move both of their Spirit Powers for an ability means they can make it much more powerful than what they can do alone, while not as powerful as a true Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. It was through this that they were able to smoothly defeat their opponents today.





Today’s battle was also the first time that Huo Yuhao felt powerful. However, his cultivation is still too low. Even though they combined their Spirit Power for the ability, it could only reach the level of a three ring Spirit Elder’s level. Huo Yuhao’s own Spirit Power was just too weak. If Soul Assault wasn’t a special mental type attack ability, they might not have won so fast today.





It was only the first day of the competition, but most new students have already been eliminated. The competition will continue with with the second day. This will involve sixteen strong teams, a total of forty eight students. It can be said that they were the leaders of their generation. It can even be said that they were among the most outstanding Spirit Masters of their age in the entire continent.





During the top sixteen lottery, Huo Yuhao’s trio saw familiar people. It was Huang Chutian’s team that had lost to them during the small group matches.





Huo Yuhao said to Wang Dong in a low voice, “How long do you think the Lan sisters have to rest before they can use their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill again?”





Wang Dong responded, “Probably not too long. I feel that even though they are twins, their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill isn’t too powerful. Probably because their compatibility isn’t too high. Its explosive force is not enough, but its restraining ability is pretty good. However, they can’t afford to continuously use their Spirit Power. If we meet them again, we won’t need you to attack. You just need to help me release a Light of the Butterfly Goddess and I have confidence in destroying their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill.”





They observed other participants as they talked. Now that the elimination competition has progressed this far, Huo Yuhao was probably the only one ring Spirit Master left.





Today, there were many more people on the observation platform than yesterday. Even though the competitions have not started, the platform was already full of people. The most curious was a blank area around three square meters in the center of the platform. An elder with messy hair, wearing worn clothes stood there without shoes, while drinking alcohol from a large, purple gourd. He also had a few fried chicken legs next to him, along with one that he was holding himself. A mouth of alcohol, another of meat, happily enjoying himself.





Everyone on the observation platform were Shrek Academy teachers, but not one stood next to this elder and none dared to question him.





“Elder Xuan, you’re here.” Wang Yan respectfully walked next to the elder and greeted him.





“Yes.” The elder just snorted and continued eating.





Wang Yan pointed down from the platform and said, “The three youngsters I mentioned yesterday are there. Yesterday….”





He had just spoken to this point before Elder Xuan impatiently waved a chicken leg at him, “I will see for myself.”





Part 2





“Okay.” Wang Yan didn’t dare say another word and retreated to the side.





After the lottery, the Freshman Examination, elimination rounds, sixteen advancing to eight competition officially began.





The examination districts were expanded once again. This time, eight wide areas began matches at the same time. Huo Yuhao’s team’s opponent this time was very weird. Instead of three girls as opponents like yesterday, this time, it became three guys.





The moment they entered the arena, they lined up horizontally. In the middle was a big, fat schoolboy. According to Shrek Academy’s admissions rules, he can only be twelve years old at most, but no matter how you look at him, his figure doesn’t look like a twelve year old at all!





His height was at least 1.7 meters, a head taller than Huo Yuhao’s trio. More importantly, his waist might have also been close to 1.7 meters….





He stood there like a small mountain of meat.





The two standing next to him were extremely slim compared to him. Not only were they a head shorter, they were mere skeletons. These two also looked alike and seemed to be brothers, but not twins. Their arms were also very slender.





Looking at these three students from afar, it was inevitable that the two thin ones would be ignored.





“Both side report your names. Prepare to battle.” The proctoring teacher said in a deep voice.





The meat mountain boy fiercely slapped his own chest and made his fat tremble, “I am Xie Huanyue, Freshman Class Two.”





“Freshman Class Two, Luo Tianlong.” (TL: Tianlong = sky dragon)





“Freshman Class Two, Luo Tianba.” (Tianba = sky tyrant)





The names of these two slender students sounded pretty domineering.





Huo Yuhao’s trio also reported their names. Then, the sixteen advance eight match officially began with the proctoring teacher’s declaration.





Before the match had even officially began, the facial muscles on the members of Huo Yuhao’s team tensed up…





The simple reason being, they once again saw three rings….





Xiao Xiao was unable to hold back and said, “Do we have horrible luck or is the school purposely playing with us?”





Three spirit rings showed up on the new student, Xie Huanyue. Not only was this the best combo of two yellow and one purple, but also the rings shone even more brightly on his huge body. His body grew from 1.7 meters (5’ 7”) to 1.9 meters (6’ 3”) as the spirit rings were released. His skin color turned dark as he pounded his chest with both of his fists, making a banging sound. He then took large steps toward Huo Yuhao’s trio.





Luo Tianlong and Luo Tianba did not release their battle spirits at the first chance, but used Xie Huanyue’s huge body to hide instead.





This was their battle tactic, and it brought them the advantage in many instances. However, this time they met the weird Huo Yuhao.





What was the point of hiding? Is it ever possible to hide from Mental Detection? As the pale golden light shone within Huo Yuhao’s eyes, a 3D image appeared in Wang Dong’s and Xiao Xiao’s minds.





This time, Xiao Xiao didn’t directly use her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron, but pulled out her Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute instead. Since her dual Battle Spirits have already been revealed, she might as well use the most suitable one.





A melody of Group Deceleration sounded. In a moment, Xie Huanyue and the two people behind him became slower.





Wang Dong did not charge out but just released his Bright Goddess Butterfly. His pair of dazzling wings spread and blocked Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao behind him. Thus, only he and Xie Huanyue could see each other.





Even though his speed suddenly slowed, Xie Huanyue didn’t mind at all. His left foot heavily stepped on the ground. However, this time, the “pong, pong” sounds did not appear. His first spirit ring started shining then.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection detected that he was going to jump. However, even if he does, how high can his huge body jump?





Just as Huo Yuhao’s trio were wondering, they quickly realized their mistakes.





Xie Huanyue’s body shot up into the sky, like being launched by a Spirit Guide Cannon. This jump actually reached ten meters. Afterwards, he curled up his body like a huge ball of meat and fell toward Huo Yuhao’s trio.





Luo Tianlong and Luo Tianba started moving immediately. Even though their speed was affected by Group Deceleration, they were still fast. Each one had two yellow spirit rings. Their forearms suddenly turned silver as a huge mantis knife grew out of each arm. Not only was their speed fast, their figures also looked very dexterous.





Wang Dong tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and launched up. He didn’t use his flight ability to go toward Xie Huanyue, but charged toward the Luo brothers instead. Guillotine Wing activated at the same time. He wanted to break their agility attack using his strength attack. Since the Luo brothers’ speed was being suppressed by Xiao Xiao, they had no way to prevail against him. Wang Dong had confidence that he could block these two by himself.





As for Xie Huanyue falling from the sky, what was greeting him was, of course, Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron split into three in the sky. It didn’t try to win but only not to make a mistake. The second ability, Cauldron Tremor activated.





Xiao Xiao did not underestimate her opponent at all. He was a real Spirit Elder. So, she activated her most powerful spirit ability from the start.





What was surprising was, even against Xiao Xiao’s attack, Xie Huanyue didn’t try to dodge nor use a spirit ability, but let the three huge cauldrons hit his body directly.





The instant they collided, Xie Huanyue’s body revolved once in the sky, and his first spirit ring finally started shining as he used his first spirit ability.





His originally enormous body expanded once again. This time, it was like a balloon being filled with air as his body became more rounded.





The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron collided against his body and Cauldron Tremor just activated before that enormous “balloon” suddenly shrunk. It managed to completely neutralize Cauldron Tremor’s power. Afterwards, it fell down straight as an arrow from the sky, directly smashing toward Xiao Xiao.





So powerful. At this moment, Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao felt that even though they knew it was coming, it would still be impossible to block it. This Xie Huanyue’s spirit ability was very strange. It must be some kind of unique Beast Battle Spirit. However, they don’t know which.





Wang Dong did not falter. Even though the two opponents were strong, he was able to to use Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing, plus his Guillotine Wing’s toughness and sharpness, to not falter even as one versus two. However, the Luo brothers were not only fast, but also cunning. They strived to avoid direct contact against Wang Dong. The winner could not be determined at the moment.





“Pong—” Xie Huanyue’s enormous falling body was like a huge rubber ball, but it was still hit flying by the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron in the end, because he received both Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault and Xiao Xiao’s Cauldron Tremor at the same time.





Part 3





Under the effect of the Soul Assault, he was unable to use his clever, force dispersing ability and ended up being hit away.





Unfortunately, Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s attack power was clearly not enough to threaten him. His huge body dropped far away. A second after he struck the ground, he unexpectedly bounced back up and went up in the air again.





Huo Yuhao was shocked. When he tried to use Soul Assault to attack Xie Huanyue, it seemed to have been delayed by his fat skin. Even his mental power was filtered before it managed to rush inside Xie Huanyue’s brain. It could only daze him momentarily. The effect was actually about the same as when it had been used on Ma Xiaotao. What was his Battle Spirit, to be so troublesome!





The pressure from Huo Yuhao’s side was abruptly increasing. Wang Dong naturally noticed it through Mental Detection. A cold light flickered in his eyes and the two wings behind him flashed. They forcibly pressured the Luo brothers into retreating. Immediately following, his second spirit ring shone.





The dazzling Light of the Butterfly Goddess appeared once again above the battlefield. Relying on Mental Detection’s accurate advance judgements, even if it did not have a homing mechanism, Wang Dong’s spirit ability would definitely not miss.





The Luo brothers would naturally not helplessly wait for their deaths. However, they didn’t have a support ability like Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing. Their response was a lot slower. By the time they activated their second spirit abilities, Wang Dong’s spirit ability was already completed.





The Luo brothers’ Mantis Blades transformed into many knife tips in what seemed to be an attempt to resist Light of the Butterfly Goddess’ illuminance. The truth was, it was futile. Regardless of Spirit Power, Battle Spirit’s rank, or the spirit ring’s year, they were all inferior to Wang Dong. They only saw that within the flashing, glittering, golden light, the thousand-year spirit ring’s spirit ability, Light of the Butterfly Goddess’ great power was released. The Luo brothers were bombarded by the light and flew out. However, at the same moment that they were hit with the spirit ability, the proctoring teacher had already entered the arena like a ghost and just snatched the two people out from within the golden light. Then, he once again retreated from the match area like lightning. Clearly, according to his judgement, the Luo brothers were about to receive heavy injuries under Wang Dong’s attack, and only then did he interfere. However, his interference also implied that the Luo brothers could no longer compete.





Wang Dong’s accurate judgement, powerful attack, and display of prompt decision-making immediately gained the unanimous approval of all the teachers watching the match from the observation platform. At the same time, when Wang Dong had triumphed over his opponents on this side, Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao also bore Xie Huanyue’s all-out attack.





Actually, comparing overall strength, Xie Huanyue’s team was weaker than Ning Tian’s team. The Luo brothers, when compared to Wu Feng and Nanmen Yun Er, possessed an insurmountable disparity in strength with an enormous difference between Battle Spirits. However, Xie Huanyue, this freshman Spirit Elder, surpassed Ning Tian in the teachers’ evaluations. It was clear how powerful he must be.





Xie Huanyue’s second spirit ring brightened as he once again fell from the sky. Huo Yuhao also attacked him using his spirit ability again. Xiao Xiao also released her Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron at the same time. They needed to stall for time until Wang Dong could return to focus their energies on Xie Huanyue.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection can only detect their opponent’s next move, but was unable to detect what, exactly, the opponent’s spirit ability was.





In mid air, as his second ring lit up, Xie Huanyue’s short, stubby arm suddenly extended out. Just as Huo Yuhao attacked with Soul Assault, Xie Huanyue’s arm grew longer and struck perfectly at the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





Although Xiao Xiao had immediately launched Cauldron Tremble, Xie Huanyue’s arm countered her ability. The strange power swept across and unexpectedly shook the three Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron off. His large, fat, ball shaped body also dropped from the sky. His arm which had swept away the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron and now stretched out again toward Xiao Xiao.





The influence of the Soul Assault was too brief. He was also one of the best at using spirit abilities. He used genuine advance judgement to determine the moment Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault would hit him, and used his ability just in time to escape danger by a hair’s breadth. All of a sudden, he held an all-round advantage.





Although Xiao Xiao possessed dual Battle Spirits, her approximate battle capability was actually extremely lacking. She wasn’t a power attack, agility attack Spirit Master, but a control Spirit Master, and she didn’t have much battle experience. She was stunned as she watched the enormous body drop.





Huo Yuhao suddenly charged forward and hugged Xiao Xiao’s waist. With a flicker, his figure flashed in a ghost-like series of swaying and unexpectedly dodged Xie Huanyue’s sure hit. Then, he lead Xiao Xiao into a roll on the ground, getting out of the way of Xie Huanyue’s heavy body.





“Pu——” Xie Huanyue’s huge body fell to the ground without the sound of a heavy collision. This time, he didn’t leap up but rolled after Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao.





This was also the moment when Wang Dong defeated the Luo brothers. Xie Huanyue felt the pressure and knew that If he couldn’t defeat Huo Yuhao’s duo first, then when it became 1 vs 3, he wouldn’t stand any chance.





The third spirit ring on the fat body finally shone. Purple rays of light momentarily illuminated his body and made Xie Huanyue seem like a huge, purple ball. Following his low roar, a round, halo of intense purple light immediately burst out from his body. In a flash, it caught up to Huo Yuhao and Xiao Xiao’s body.





At this critical moment, Huo Yuhao showed his inner manliness. He immediately stood up and wrapped his arm around Xiao Xiao’s waist before throwing her into mid air. Xie Huanyue is unable to attack her there.





“Yuhao——”





“Huo Yuhao——”





Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao shouted out together in surprise. However, the strong purple light already have reached Huo Yuhao’s body. His body shook and from the bottom of his feet a ring of purple haze circled upwards. He stood there motionless and his Mental Detection also disappeared.





Before Xie Huanyue’s body was able to land on Huo Yuhao, the examiner took Huo Yuhao out of the battle field in a flash. This prevented him from becoming a meat patty.





Xie Huanyue cursed under his breath. What’s the use of defeating a ten-year ring Spirit Master. The dual Battle Spirit Spirit Grandmaster has gotten away. Seem like this battle is long before finished. However, he was still very confident. Within his team, the Luo brothers were his sidekicks to begin with. He was always the center of the team. He is confident to have at least a 70% chance to win against the two two ring Spirit Grandmasters with his three rings.





Part 4





However, when he looked up towards the sky he was momentarily dumbfounded. Wang Dong was able to catch Xiao Xiao. He opened up his wings and maintained floating in mid-air. At this time, both of their eyes were red and Xie Huanyue felt the pressure from their presence.





“Wang Dong, put me down.” Xiao Xiao’s voice was cold. This usually calm girl is now furious. Huo Yuhao took the hit for her. Also, she can not be sure if the proctor teacher reacted in time. If not, Huo Yuhao would have been greatly hurt, if not dead. How can Xiao Xiao not be touched by that?





In addition, she felt as if it was her error that caused Xie Huanyue to be so close. This moment she was determined to fight.





Wang Dong closed his wings and put Xiao Xiao on the ground. His fury no less than that of Xiao Xiao. He stared intensely at Xie Huanyue. There was only one thought in his mind: “This bastard is trying to hurt Yuhao, I must kill him.”





Xie Huanyue also did not rush to attack. His humongous body moved slowly towards Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. The ring on his body still glowing, maintaining the size of his body. This was his Battle Spirit’s specialty. For a top Beast Battle Spirit, his goal is not just to defend but also to become a well-rounded defense and control dual Battle Spirit Master. In reality, he had already been extremely successful. Even before the examination, him, Ning Tian, and another student have already reached the Spirit Elder level and become the core students for the outer school.





“Xiao Xiao, I need 15 seconds.” Wang Dong said under his breath. Right after saying this sentence, he closed both of his eyes and both a yellow and a purple ring shone simultaneously. Rings of golden aura shone around his blue wings. He raised his arms and closed the wings in front of him.





Xiao Xiao nodded but said nothing. Instead she took large steps towards Xie Huanyue. The Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute sounded especially excited. Rings of jade green lights spread out from her jade flute.





The Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron closed in around her as the three cauldrons surrounded her for protection.





Xie Huanyue made a sound, sat down suddenly and bounced right up. This time, he is aiming directly at Xiao Xiao. His body is his greatest weapon. Although his speed had been lessened, his confidence was still relatively high.





　As his second spirit ring lit up, he was ready to punch away Xiao Xiao’s Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron with his flexible arms.





However, right when he had yet to reach five meters from Xiao Xiao, suddenly, the three large cauldrons beside Xiao Xiao simultaneously released black light. In a flash, they rammed towards the center. They didn’t go and collide with Xie Huanyue, but instead, collided with each other. The two spirit rings that Xiao Xiao for the Three Lives Soul Sealing Caudron simultaneously lit up.





Practically all spirit masters’ spirit skills can be used in coordination, but the degree of coordination depended on the compatibility between the spirit master’s battle spirit’s strength and the spirit skills produced from the addition of the spirit rings.





Facing a powerful enemy, Xiao Xiao finally put out her strongest strategy.





National Treasure, Cauldron Shock.





The three cauldron fused into one and a loud noise can be heard. One huge cauldron appeared, bigger than any before. On this huge caudron, a odd symbol can almost be seen. There is a indescribable majestic feel that came along with the bang.





Xie Huanyue’s arm was forced up. When his fat body collided with the cauldron, his whole body stuck to it and set in the air motionless. Rings of black lights constantly attacked his body and Xie Huanyue felt that the spirit energy within his is slowly evaporating.





Under this shock, he hurriedly circulated his spirit energy wanting to release his powerful thousand year spirit ring skill. However, to his surprise, he wasn’t able to do it. His body was stuck. He was also unable to take back the spirit skill he had already released. He can’t release the new skill but the spirit energy within keeped in evaporating. The huge cauldron stood towering like a mountain, not even a bit shaken by his collision.





The Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute disappeared at the moment of the huge cauldron’s appearance. One can clearly see black rings also ascending around her body and her face becoming more pale by the moment.





The fusion of the two skill must have consumed similar amount of energy as battle spirit fusion skill. Adding on to the use of energy previously in the battle, Xiao Xiao definitely can not keep this up long. However, within her heart, there’s only Wang Dong’s words: “15 seconds”. No matter what, she will try to last this 15 seconds.





Xiao Xiao was fully moved at the moment when Huo Yuhao threw her out without hesitation. At that second, she became fully dedicated to this team. Even though she is a girl, blood surged within her veins. For the team, she is willing to sacrifice.





15 seconds. A normally short amount of time. Yet, at this moment it felt extremely long.





Although Xie Huanyue was at level 32, he still began to panic seeing the determination in Xiao Xiao’s eyes. She seem to be putting her life on the line. Is she crazy? This is only a new student examination afterall. Even though he’s unable to understand what Xiao Xiao did to make him unmovable, he still knows that even double battle spirit cannot disobey the basic rule that the energy drainage is equal to the power exerted.





Seconds passed one by one.





The proctor teacher on the side of the examination field became nervous, he doesn’t know whether or not he should end this battle. If he did, who would be the winner? Huo Yuhao woke up from the purple light attack, he clenched his fists and can see clearly with his spirit eyes that Xiao Xiao has already used too much of her energy.





“Xiao Xiao, give up.” Huo Yuhao screamed. He would never want to see his pals getting hurt even if it meant losing the battle.





　Xiao Xiao replied by tightening her lips and the darkness around her seem to become more powerful.





At this moment, Huo Yuhao was touched by the deep determination in Xiao Xiao’s eyes. Not only him, even the elderly that was chewing on the chicken leg stopped chewing and nodded in Xiao Xiao’s direction.





5,4,3,2,1….





When the last second came, a golden light shot up behind Xiao Xiao. Wang Dong’s Butterfly Goddess’s wings turned golden. Along with the golden light, he seemed to rise from ashes. The golden beam of light bended as his body raised higher and became a horrifying crescent shaped blade.





At this moment, the air seemed to have been ripped open and the whole battle area filled with strong spirit waves.





Seeing the huge blade, Xie Huanyue became extremely scared. Even if he has a strong defense, he knows that he can not be able to defend this blow.





The proctor teacher dare not to hesitate any longer and rushed towards the battlefield. He grabbed Xie Huanyue, but was surprised to see that he was unable to drag him away from the cauldron. As the huge golden blade getting nearer, he felt suffocated despite being a Spirit Emperor.





This is something a Grand Spirit Master can release? The teacher was too late to even release his own battle spirit. Instead he was only able to use his body to defend the blade.





It was at this time, a great suction force came from the sky and changed the course of the blade at the last second.





Midair, a red hand grabbed the golden blade, rubbed it and broke it.





The Xuan (Mysterious) Elder took a bit at his drumstick and said: “This Orlean flavored chicken leg is a bit salty today.” As he speaks, he stood up and walked down the steps.





The caudron then disappeared and Xiao Xiao fainted.





The glow from the Butterfly Goddess also disappeared. However, Wang Dong didn’t fall down right away. Instead, he stared at the proctor teacher and said: “We won…..” After say that, he fainted as well.





“Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao.” Huo Yuhao ran into the battle field and hugged his two pals.





Xie Huanyue shrank to his normal size. Yet his uniform is completely soaked through. Just at the previous moment, he felt like Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong was going to kill him and there’s nothing he could have done. He shivered and Xiao Xiao’s eyes will be forever etched in his mind.





At the viewing stand, all the teachers are quiet. They have all completely ignored all the other battles that are happening at that moment.





The ability of the members of Huo Yuhao’s team is not that surprising for the teacher. Especially due to the fact that they are all at least six rings level Spirit Emperors. What shocked them was Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s determination. Wang Dong was better, he was simply doing his best. Xiao Xiao, however, clearly overdraw her energy. This would take a long time to recover.





Chapter 27 – Enemy? Brother?

Part 1





Shrek Academy’s teachers had seen many geniuses, but those who were obsessed with victory and able to retain this belief like Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong, were still too rare.





The outer school Battle Spirit Division director, Du Weilun, was a bit sluggish as he stood beside Zhou Yi, “Teacher Zhou, congratulations for creating two great students. Tell me their names. I believe they have the qualifications to become core students of the outer school.”





Just then did Zhou Yi finally react and quickly reported, “Director Du, there is also Huo Yuhao. He is actually the team’s core and leader.”





Du Weilun was surprised for a moment before shaking his head, “Only one ring. Too weak. He should be one of the rarely seen mental attribute spirit master. Haven’t you considered how few mental attribute spirit beasts there are?” After saying this, he left the platform.





As the Battle Spirit Division’s education director, not only was he powerful, but also cunning. Of course he would be able to tell that Huo Yuhao played an important role in the competition by giving Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao a nearly mad spirit. However, as the education director, his responsibility was too heavy. He couldn’t use only personality and leadership ability to assign someone as a core disciple.





Zhou Yi was shocked after hearing Du Weilun’s words. Right! She had neglected the fact that Huo Yuhao may have a powerful first ring skill, but he was still a mental attribute spirit master. Mental attribute spirit beasts were too rare. Powerful ones were even rarer. Under these circumstances, it would be improbable for Huo Yuhao to ever become a powerful spirit master.





“No problem. If the Battle Spirit Division doesn’t want him, then our Spirit Guidance Division will take him.” Fan Yu patted her arm with sparkles in his eyes. “Powerful mental attribute spirit beasts may not be easy to find, but common ones should still be possible. As long as he has enough spirit power, even if he only has that first ring spirit ability, he will still be able to become an outstanding Spirit Guidance student. I want this core disciple.”





Zhou Yi didn’t have the slightest bit of coldness in front of Fan Yu, “No, now is not the time. As long as you have the heart, then please wait three years. Since Huo Yuhao came because of the Tang Clan’s recommendation, he should be a self-taught spirit master. That is why he only has a ten year spirit ring. When in class, he is always the most focused one. Even though he started a step late, he is the most hardworking and focused student I have ever seen. His foundation is not strong enough so I want to continue by his side to guide him. Three years should be enough time to teach him all the basics. With his current efforts, by that time, he should have at least the cultivation of a three ring spirit master. After breaking through three rings, he will have a bright future. He can become one of your core disciples then.”





Fan Yu smiled, “I can see how much you like this child. Since you already have plans for him, I’ll listen to you. Bring him to see me after the Freshman Examination. I’ll first let him minor in Spirit Guidance. This way, I can also see if he has any talent for it or not.”





“Okay.” Zhou Yi nodded, “I’ll go check Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong’s conditions. Fan Yu, I bet that the Battle Spirit Division will one day regret not taking Huo Yuhao as a core disciple.”





Fan Yu responded, “Then let us wait and see.”





Wang Dong’s condition was good. He just used too much power. More importantly, he still had Huo Yuhao as a Spirit Fusion partner. The moment Huo Yuhao hugged him, spirit power would naturally flow into his body to quickly replenish his spirit power. With the aid of their HaoDong power fusion, Wang Dong was able to wake up in less than ten minutes.





However, Xiao Xiao’s condition was not very good. Her use of Weighing the Country not only required enough spirit power but also required extreme control. Under normal conditions, she would have only been able to use it once to shock the opponent away and cause a daze. It’s force was more than two spirit skills. But, she didn’t use it this way before. Her Weighing the Country was absorbed by Xie Huanyue to hold off for a longer time. Xie Huanyue’s defense was too strong and Xiao Xiao was afraid of him charging back if he were to be bounced away again.





So, Xiao Xiao not only used spirit power but also mental power. At the end of the match, she sank into a deep coma.





Good thing this was within Shrek Academy. They never lacked medicine. After taking the medicine, Xiao Xiao went into a deep sleep. According to her healing teacher, she would need to rest for at least a day and a night without any interruptions. Only with the medicine’s aid would she come out without any lingering damages. That means, to be safe, Xiao Xiao wouldn’t be able to participate in today’s afternoon match and tomorrow mornings match.





Zhou Yi personally escorted Xiao Xiao back to the dormitory. Hu Yuhao also carried the weakened Wang Dong back to their own room.





“Wang Dong, let’s abandon our match this afternoon.” Huo Yuhao said after seeing Wang Dong’s pale face.





“No way.” Wang Dong knew Huo Yuhao was worried about his body’s condition. But, his fighting spirit was at the highest it had ever been and, since young, he had never been this serious about anything else.





“Yuhao, I know you are worried about me. But, we need to continue our matches. If we give up like this, what will we tell Xiao Xiao later? Even though Xiao Xiao is in a coma, there is still us. We have our HaoDong power. We will fight for Xiao Xiao this afternoon and wait for her to come back.”





Having seen Wang Dong’s determination, Huo Yuhao’s heart was filled with emotions. True feelings could only be seen in difficult times. The relationship between the three of them had become much closer since the last few matches. This was no longer the friendship between classmates but love between brothers in arms. Even though this was not a battlefield, they had already started treating the competition as a battle.





“What are you waiting for? Hurry up.” Wang Dong raised his hands toward Huo Yuhao.





Huo Yuhao took a deep breath and raised his own two hands in return. With strength and commitment, he declared, “We battle for Xiao Xiao.”





Sea God Island. Lakefront.





“Elder Xuan, how are you feeling?” Wang Yan asked beside Elder Xuan in a low voice.





Elder Xuan had finished the few chicken legs he had and now switched to chicken wings. It seemed like he would never be full.





“Those two little guys are quite good. As for the little guy possessing the innate body battle spirit; he is a bit lacking. He should have some kind of mental detection ability. Too bad his first spirit ring is only a ten year one. This is an irreparable deficiency,” said Elder Xuan as he took another drink of liquor.





Wang Yan pleaded, “But, Elder Xuan, he has an innate body battle spirit!”





Part 2





Elder Xuan shook his head, “You should know what is most important to an innate body battle spirit. It is latent power, as in, a changing battle spirit. Today’s match was already clear. Even under such pressure, his battle spirit did not change in any way. That is to say, he did not possess the essence of an innate body battle spirit. His age is too high, his spirit power is lacking, and he only has a ten year spirit ring. Even if he did have that latent power, he is still not someone I would want. Do you understand now?”





Wang Yan was still unwilling, “But, Elder Xuan, I had just learned yesterday that Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong have accomplished Battle Spirit Fusion and can even use a Battle Spirit Fusion Skill. Even though I still don’t know what their Battle Spirit Fusion Skill is, isn’t this enough to show his talent?”





Elder Xuan disagreed, “Battle Spirit Fusion Skill cannot represent everything. Enough!I have already made my decision. The other two can be candidates. Nevermind that Huo Yuhao.”





As he spoke, he stood up. With a chicken wing in one hand and a big gourd of liquor in his other hand, he unsteadily walked away. With his faltering steps, it seemed as if he could tip over any time.





Watching Elder Xuan’s shadow, Wang Yan sighed. Of course he knew about Huo Yuhao’s problem. However, he still felt that this youngster had an uncommon temperament. Even though Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao seem to excel over him greatly, he was still able to lead them into the competition and become the team’s core. How could this be?





“Could my judgment really be wrong? No. I won’t give up. No matter what, I will use all my power to train Huo Yuhao. I can approach Elder Xuan again after he has obtained some accomplishments.”





The Freshman Examination elimination matches had reached the last few rounds. The top eight teams had already appeared following the morning matches. Undoubtedly, they were the most outstanding teams. What no one could imagine was that both teams with Spirit Elder students were eliminated. More importantly, they were actually eliminated by the same team.





There were only eight teams left. When Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong arrived at the location of their afternoon match, they were instantly the focus of the other seven teams, even though only two of them were left.





HaoDong Power was miraculous. With Huo Yuhao’s support, Wang Dong had completely recovered his spirit power after only two hours. In addition, due to the use of their full power in the morning and diligent cultivation, his spirit power had also reached level 25.





While waiting for the lottery, Huo Yuhao whispered to Wang Dong, “Oh yeah, what skill did you use at the last second this morning?”





Wang Dong responded, “Guillotine Wings and Light of the Butterfly Goddess together. It is my strongest offense tactic. If I am not wrong, then that Xie Huanyue’s battle spirit is a rarely seen spirit beast called Rubber Elephant. This type of battle spirit has a powerful innate defense. His first spirit skill should be elephant body. The skill that made his arm grow longer should have been elephant nose. The last spirit skill with powerful movements should be something like elephant fury. It would have been impossible to break his rubber ball-like defense with normal attacks. There are only two ways. One is an elemental attack like a high temperature fire or extremely cold ice. Another is a very sharp attack. My use of the Light of Butterfly Goddess and Guillotine Wings was to break his defense with extreme sharpness. When this guy was caught by Xiao Xiao, it gave me enough activation time and confidence to destroy his battle spirit in one attack.”





Hearing Wang Dong’s explanation, Huo Yuhao couldn’t help but admire his knowledge. Even though he himself had worked hard to learn the last three months, there was still quite a big difference between them! This further reinforced Huo Yuhao’s motivation.





“Team Huo Yuhao, step up for the lottery.” Director Du Weilun’s voice shocked Huo Yuhao awake from his thoughts. Hurrying up, he took a lot from the lottery cylinder in Du Weilun’s hands.





Du Weilun looked at Huo Yuhao closely as he approached and thought to himself, this student really does have some exceptional points. Mental attribute battle spirits are very rare. It’s a pity that he is not even level 20 at this point. The chances of him obtaining a powerful spirit ring in the future is miniscule. Otherwise, he would have the qualifications to become a core disciple! We should wait and see. As long as he can continue passing the academy’s examinations, by his fourth, fifth year, we will be able to see whether he has the qualifications to be a core disciple of the battle spirit division.





“Number 3.” Du Weilun retrieved the lot that Huo Yuhao had picked out and announced it in a loud voice.





Within the teams that had already finished picking lots, a group of students’ faces suddenly paled. They were the opponents that Huo Yuhao had just picked out.





Huo Yuhao returned to Wang Dong’s side, “If we just picked another team with a Spirit Elder when the chances are only one in seven, then I think we should consider praying.”





Wang Dong had a helpless face, “Pray to which god?”





Huo Yuhao chuckled, “Of course the Sea God. Isn’t he the ancestor that our academy really represents?”





Wang Dong put his right hand on Huo Yuhao’s shoulder, “Hey, there is nothing to laugh about. When the chances were three out of thirty two, our chances were not even one in ten but we still got it. When it was two out of sixteen, our chances of picking one was less than one out of eight, but we got it again. Now, it is one out of seven. The chances are even greater than before. What do you think about our probability now?’





Hearing his analysis, Huo Yuhao suddenly felt despair, “We can’t be that unlucky, right…..?”





Reality showed that fortunate really does exist. However, it was not always good or bad. They didn’t pick a team with a spirit elder this time.





The two teams faced each other in the Examination Area and reported their names. This time, they were against opponents from Freshman Class Nine. All three were Spirit Grandmasters above level 20. They were a relatively strong team. However, there was still a big difference compared to the teams that Huo Yuhao had faced in the last two matches.





“Two agility types and one offense type. Another team with this set up. So boring. What will we do?” Wang Dong whispered to Huo Yuhao.





Huo Yuhao’s eyes flashed, “Just use brute force.”





“Okay.”





Their cooperation had become better and better. After a simple exchange, the match started.





Both sides released their battle spirits at once. Even though Wang Dong was an offense type spirit master, he did not directly charge forward, but instead flew up using his pair of blue wings. Then, his purple, second spirit ring started shining.





Huo Yuhao grabbed Wang Dong’s ankle from the bottom. His eyes had a pale, gold glow that was hidden by the brilliance released by Wang Dong.





All one could see was the gold patterns on Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly wings shining. With HaoDong Power, the gold colored patterns also had a hint of orange.





With close examination, Huo Yuhao could clearly see that Wang Dong’s second spirit ability did not shoot out a light ray but distinct circles of light. Each of the gold patterns would shoot out one light ring. They numbered in the dozens. In the next instant, the orange glow brightened the entire field.





Part 3





Their opponents could never have imagined that Wang Dong would be so ruthless from the start. More importantly, they couldn’t have imagined that the Light of the Butterfly Goddess had such power.





With the support of HaoDong Power, Light of the Butterfly Goddess was equal to at least a thousand year spirit ring ability from a three ring Spirit Elder. The only thing the opposing team could do was to use their own spirit abilities to resist.





After a gorgeous scene, the two agility type spirit masters were directly blasted out of the field. The offense type spirit master was able to endure, but he had used 70-80% of his spirit power and was still injured.





With this, Wang Dong opened his dazzling wings and landed on the ground. With a domineering tone, he said, “Do you want to leave by yourself, or should I help you out?”





Afterwards, there was no afterwards. Since entering the elimination matches, this was the fastest round. This was also the match that had greatly increased Wang Dong’s reputation and many started calling him the strongest Freshman offense type spirit master.





With the end of the match, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong quickly left the field to their dorms. The truth was, only they knew that even though Wang Dong’s spirit power may have recovered, he was still injured from the morning’s match and could not fight for an extended duration. That was why they ended the previous match with such explosive force. If they had encountered a strong defensive spirit master such as Xie Huanyue, even if he only would have two rings, the difficulty to win would have dramatically increased.





After this match had finished, Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, and Xiao Xiao officially entered the top four of the Freshman elimination contest. That meant they only needed to win one more match to guarantee a reward. After winning two more matches, they would become the Freshman champions.





Zhou Yi had told them that the quality of this year’s Freshmen was far better than before. If they could become the champions under such conditions, there would be no doubt about their potential.





After returning to the dorm, Huo Yuhao did not go sell roasted fish again. Instead, he started cultivating with Wang Dong, using their HaoDong Power. Without Xiao Xiao’s help, the next match would be extremely difficult. They wouldn’t be able to use the same tactic again. Although the great explosive force they used in the afternoon had a great chance of winning, it would be hard to achieve the same result if their next opponents were more prepared. However, this was also their most important tactic before Xiao Xiao could return.





Dawn. When the first ray of light shone from the far east, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong opened their eyes simultaneously and retrieved their hands. Huo Yuhao turned and got off the bed to open the dorm window facing the east.





A touch of purple appeared on the grey dawn sky and Huo Yuhao’s eyes suddenly turned purple.





Wang Dong fixed his clothes and went to shower first.





Everything was so natural. Fresh air blew in through the window as Huo Yuhao’s face revealed the hint of a smile.





Mom, can you see? Your son has become a real spirit master. I have even entered the top four in the freshman examination of the continent’s number one spirit master academy. Don’t worry, I will definitely go back. You suffered so much. I will definitely give you a spectacular funeral and make those who had looked down on you, those who had bullied you, pay.





Thinking to this point, a hint of hostility flash uncontrollably in Huo Yuhao’s eyes. Within them, other than the purple color, there was also a layer of red flashing for a moment.





The reason he had devoted his life to cultivation, putting in so much effort to become the strongest, was not because he wanted to excel over others, but to get revenge for his mother. He did not forget any of the suffering he had experienced since young. Even though he had experienced warmth and friendship after coming to the Shrek Academy, he could not forget the previous eleven years of pain. The memories from his youth had been deeply carved within his mind.





Yes. There will be a day when he will return. He will return to the place that had given him those dark memories, where his mother’s remains still lay.





No one could have imagined Huo Yuhao’s ambition. The seed of hatred had started sprouting long ago.





After the time needed to drink a cup of tea, Wang Dong pushed the door open and came in. He looked at Huo Yuhao, who was still standing in front of the window, and couldn’t help but ask uncertainly, “Yuhao, are you okay?” Usually, by the time he came back, Huo Yuhao would be ready to go shower, but today, he was still standing in front of the window.





Huo Yuhao hurriedly wiped his moist eyes and turned around. He smiled forcedly and said, “I’m fine. I just thought of my mother.”





No matter Tang Ya, Beibei or Wang Dong, Huo Yuhao had always said that he had lost both his parents and was now an orphan.





Wang Dong’s gaze suddenly became soft. He walked over to Huo Yuhao, “Don’t feel sad. What’s happened is in the past. I think your mother will want you to be happy too. Right? Now you have a new beginning at Shrek Academy. You can forget about all those unhappy things in the past. Go wash up. Let’s go eat some breakfast and cultivate a bit more. When the time comes to use it, you will always wish you had learned more! If I had worked harder in the past, then I wouldn’t be in such a rush now.”





Huo Yuhao chuckled and grabbed his toiletries as he went out. Can hatred really be forgotten? If it were possible to forget hatred, then what kind of power could have enabled a child, not even eleven years old, to journey to the Star Dou Great Forest and sustain him, the Freshman with the least amount of talent, till now? Sometimes, hatred could stimulate action, but other times, it could also blind one’s eyes.





After washing up, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong ate their breakfast quickly before cultivating more. They only left the dorm after the sky had turned bright. The champions of this year’s elimination contest would be determined today. After entering the top four, they would not cower no matter what.





Compared to yesterday, there were a lot more people observing today. Of course, most of the observers were teachers. The students had to continue with their lessons. However, the drab elder from yesterday did not appear again.





The twelve students who had entered the top four were standing together. The one in charge of the lottery was no longer the outer school Battle Spirit Division Director Du Weilun.





A white-clothed elder had taken his place. Seeing this elder, Huo Yuhao was secretly shocked. He had seen this elder before. It was when he and Wang Dong had first encountered the crazed Ma Xiaotao.





Back then, this elder was the leader of the teachers who had rushed over from Sea God Island. For him to appear at the last stages of the Freshman Examination was enough to show his prominent position in the academy. The powerful director Du Weilun could only respectfully stand beside him.





“Nice to meet you all, youngsters. I am Yan Shaozhe, the two hundred and sixty-first dean of Shrek Academy,” said the white-clothed elder with a smile. He had a very gentle attitude that gave people the feeling as if he were just a common, elderly man.





Part 4





Even though Huo Yuhao had guessed this elder’s position, he still unconsciously straightened his body like the other students when the elder proclaimed his identity.





The Shrek Academy’s Dean. What kind of status did he have? As the dean of the number one academy on the continent, he had the same status as a ruler of a country. Also, as Shrek Academy’s Dean, he must be a Titled Douluo as well! It was truly a peak existence on the Douluo Continent.





Not a single freshman student had expected for the dean to personally appear here.





“I know you are all curious as to why I have appeared here. It is true that, usually, even at the last stages of the Freshman Examination, the appearance of a vice-dean would be enough to show your value to the academy. However, I have to say, your year’s performance has been greatly satisfying. It is also the most talented in the last couple hundred years. I am very excited about you guys, so I came. Also, I will watch all of your matches to the end today. I hope you will surprise me. Okay, let the lottery begin.”





The person in charge of the lottery was, of course, not the dean. Du Weilun quickly went over for this job. However, Dean Yan signaled that he wanted to hold the lottery cylinder for the students himself. This made every student feel as if their blood was boiling.





This person was the most powerful figure in myths! The Shrek Academy’s Dean. For him to personally hold the lottery cylinder. Even if a group of eight-ring Spirit Douluos were there, even they would deeply feel the honor they were given. The freshmen’s emotions were uncontrollably rising. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were no exceptions.





“Freshman Class One. Team Huo Yuhao, step up to the lottery.” This time, the first to pick was of course Huo Yuhao’s group.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong glanced at each other, “You go.” Huo Yuhao nudged his good friend.





Wang Dong shook his head. “No, you are the team’s captain. Hurry up and go.” As he said this, he pushed Huo Yuhao forward and let him become the first student to stand in front of the dean.





Huo Yuhao’s emotions were a mess as he stepped forward. When he reached for the lottery set, he had completely lost his composure. Even his hand was shaking.





Dean Yan smiled. “Little guy, don’t be nervous. I wish you and your team success.”





After Huo Yuhao drew a lot, he took a step back and respectfully gave Yan Shaozhe a ninety degree bow before giving the lot he picked to Du Weilun. By the time he had arrived back next to Wang Dong, he discovered that his heartbeat had at least doubled.





“Freshman Class One, Team Huo Yuhao, lot number two.”





Number two meant that they will be the second match in the semifinals. There are only a total of four numbers in the box, two number ones and two number twos.





“Freshman Class Five, Team Dai Huabin draw lots.”





A tall teenager went forward in large strides. Huo Yuhao’s memory had always been pretty good. From this person’s shadow, he discovered that he didn’t remember this teenager’s appearance in the last lottery. Obviously, with the appearance of the dean, Class Five’s team had switched the person drawing lots.





The teenager went on the stage, and respectfully greeted Yan Shaozhe and Du Weilun before drawing lots. He also copied Huo Yuhao and bowed before handing the lot over to Du Weilun and going back.





He had a handsome but cold face. His long golden hair scattered on the sides of his face. Looking carefully, one could see that there were actually double pupils within his deep blue eyes. He was also taller than most people his age.





When Huo Yuhao saw Dai Huabin’s appearance, his entire person was shocked. His eyes were filled with disbelief and his body started shaking uncontrollably. He immediately grabbed onto Wang Dong’s arm.





Wang Dong was surprised by his sudden movement. He turned to look and found Huo Yuhao’s face was very pale. His eyes betrayed an unconcealable hatred. Huo Yuhao was using a lot of force and Wang Dong started hurting.





…….





“Mom, let me help you hang the clothes.” A seven or eight year old delicate young man struggled to carry a large wooden bin as he unsteadily walked out of the courtyard to hang the clothes outside.





In the courtyard, a beautiful, middle-aged woman looked at the young man with pleasure and sighed, “My Huo Yuhao has really grown up. He has become so responsible.”





Little Yuhao took a lot of effort to carry the wooden bin out of the courtyard. He just needed to cross the road ahead and walk a few dozen steps to arrive at the place where he could hang the clothes.





Just then, suddenly, a powerful force hit his body from the side. It pushed both him and the wooden bin onto the floor. The newly washed clothes scattered across the ground.





“Bastard, why aren’t you paying attention? Didn’t you see the young master arriving? Get aside,” said an arrogant voice. Little Yuhao endured his pain as he looked over to see eight well-built guards standing on two sides. The one who collided against him was one of the guards. A young man wearing a decorated white robe was walking over rapidly.





He was very handsome, with naturally born double pupils. His entire attitude was rich and powerful. He had a stern gaze and didn’t even look at Huo Yuhao lying on the road, until he stepped on a piece of clothing covered in mud.





“Huh?” The robed young man stopped and looked coldly at Huo Yuhao, “Hit him.” With this, he quickly walked off as if he were afraid of dirtying his eyes.





Out of the eight guards, two jumped towards little Yuhao and beat him brutally.





At that time, little Yuhao had not even reached eight years of age yet. How could he have the power to resist? His mother heard the commotion from within the courtyard and ran out to protect her son with her own body as she begged for them to stop. In the end, they were beaten until they only had a breath left before the two guards would stop.





Little Yuhao was still young so he was able to recover. However, his mother had suffered for many years and her body was originally weak as well. The incident left grave wounds. After two years, she finally succumbed to sickness, and left this world forever.





……





Although three years had passed and he had become older, he still was unable to ever forget those cold eyes and icy voice from back then.





It was him. He was one of the people who killed Mom. Huo Yuhao’s eyes gradually turned red. He clearly saw those unique double pupil eyes that signified a direct descendant of the duke. He is the youngest son of the duke’s wife and my elder half-brother. The one who killed my mother, Dai Huabin.





Dai Huabin’s face was still so cold and handsome. Even after seeing Dean Yan Shaozhe, he still held his proud head high. Compared to other students, he also appeared to be much calmer. Only his clenched fists revealed the unrest within his heart.





He had obviously forgotten about Huo Yuhao long ago, of course! Even though he had caused Huo Yuhao and his mother so much suffering before, he had never looked at this half-brother with a straight eye.





“Team Dai Huabin, lot number one,” announced Du Weilun. After that, Dai Huabin returned to his team. Huo Yuhao finally calmed down when he could no longer see Dai Huabin’s face. However, he still needed Wang Dong’s support to stand steadily.





Wang Dong’s heart was filled with shock. It was the first time that Huo Yuhao had exhibited such an emotional state. He didn’t understand what was going on at all. The only thing he knew was that it had something to do with Dai Huabin.





“Yuhao, Yuhao, calm down. What happened to you?” whispered Wang Dong in an effort to comfort him.





The lottery continued. No one had noticed Huo Yuhao’s change in emotion. It took the entire duration of the lottery process before Huo Yuhao could steady himself. However, Wang Dong could still faintly feel his body shaking. It was shaking from emotions that had reached the extremes!





“Can you still battle?” asked Wang Dong with worry. It was not the time to ask for an explanation as the semi-final matches were about to start.





Huo Yuhao took a deep breath and worked to calm the pain in his heart. He nodded slightly, “I can. Which lot number did Dai Huabin pick?”





Wang Dong frowned. The announcement was so loud, yet he didn’t hear it. His mood swing was too extreme.





“He picked number one. If we win and they win, then we will meet in the finals. I think I heard people say that he was the only student left in the Freshman Examination that is a three ring Spirit Elder.”





“Three ring Spirit Elder?” Huo Yuhao’s eyes flashed an icy glow, “Yes! Three ring Spirit Elder. He had so much support and resources, how could he not be outstanding? Let’s go. We have to fight.”





He seemed to have recovered. His body’s shaking and his severe mood seemed to have disappeared instantly. Wang Dong felt as if everything that had just happened was his own imagination. But the truth was, that had definitely not been some hallucination!





Chapter 28 – Tacit Cooperation, Haodong Wins

Part 1





Yes, Huo Yuhao had buried his hatred deep within his heart. The hatred had become pernicious and drove him to give up everything to avenge his mother. But this was Shrek Academy. He needed to become stronger here. His vengeance did not involve a massacre, but had to comfort his mother’s spirit in heaven. He knew what his mother’s greatest wish was. He wanted to realize the wish his mother had not the slightest hope of accomplishing when she was alive. So, he could not give everything up for revenge right now. Whether he could win against Dai Huabin or not, he would not abandon his greatest dream for this one person. If he was exposed like this, he might not be able to continue studying at Shrek Academy. So, all he could do was endure. To bury his hatred deeper and use his own methods for revenge.





Semi-final match. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s opponents came from Freshman Class Ten. All three were Spirit Grandmasters with variant spirits.





To have come so far within the Freshmen without a single three ring Spirit Elder means that they were definitely not weak.





All three of the Class Ten students were male and looked to have heroic vitality.





“Freshman Class Ten, Zhou Sichen, offense type Spirit Grandmaster.”





“Freshman Class Ten, Long Xiangyue, agility type Spirit Grandmaster.”





“Freshman Class Ten, Cao Jinxuan, control type Spirit Grandmaster.”





Their sonorous and forceful voices showed their confidence. Facing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, they did not have a hint of fear.





“Freshman Class One, Huo Yuhao, control type Spirit Master.”





“Freshman Class One, Wang Dong, offense type Spirit Grandmaster.”





Because of Wang Dong’s amazing performances in previous matches, their proctoring teacher was switched to a sixty something elder. This teacher had a strong aura that made everyone standing there feel his powerful presence. It was obviously done to avoid any errors from arising.





“Match begin,” announced the proctoring teacher. The semifinals officially began. On the other side, the one with Dai Huabin, a fierce competition had also started.





Since only two were left, it was impossible for Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong to separate. They knew clearly that if they don’t use HaoDong Power, there would be no chance in winning a two versus three.





This time, they switched to Huo Yuhao in front and Wang Dong at the back. The two of them released their battle spirits at the same time. Wang Dong’s pair of wings extended in front of him to enclose Huo Yuhao within.





Their opponents, the Zhou Sichen trio, had obviously researched their tactics. They especially focused on the battle yesterday afternoon when Wang Dong used an explosive force. Because of that, the moment the match began, they had fully revealed their abilities.





As an agility type Battle Spirit Master, Long Xiangyue did not charge forward, but rapidly dodged behind Zhou Sichen. The control type Cao Jinxuan did the same. The three of them maintained a straight line.





Their special Battle Spirits appeared at the same time.





White light surged within the offense type, Zhou Sichen’s hand, and a book actually appeared. His two hundred-year spirit rings shone at the same time and the book’s pages flipped open, releasing two rays of light. The rays stagnated in front of him.





This was Zhou Sichen’s special Battle Spirit, Treasured Book.





Normally speaking, book type Battle Spirits tend to be trash. Very few are able to be cultivated. But this Zhou Sichen was a variant type. His Treasured Book Battle Spirit gave him an innate Spirit Power of level 7. When his Spirit Power reached a bottleneck, it can automatically absorb the spirit ring of a Spirit Beast he killed and turn it into his own abilities. The most unique point was that it did not have any attribute limitations. Any Spirit Beast’s ability can be absorbed. After it was absorbed, it can also be used. That means, it was likely that he had just used an ice spirit ability, followed by a fire spirit ability. This was a very special tool Battle Spirit.





Just then, he released two spirit abilities. One turned into a bear covered in yellow light and another turned into a fierce tiger with his entire body covered in flames.





After obtaining the Treasured Book Battle Spirit, Zhou Sichen set a goal for himself to become an offense type Spirit Master. Because of that, he could choose any Spirit Beast for additional spirit rings and, to fulfill his offense type dream, he naturally only focused on offense type spirit abilities.





The bear and tiger quickly blocked in front of the three of them and roared toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





Behind him was not the agility type Spirit Master, Long Xiangyue, but the control type Spirit Master, Cao Jinxuan. Cao Jinxuan had a focused gaze. His entire body was releasing a layer of distorted light. Even in close distance, it still seemed blurry. And on top of his head, a beautifully crafted clock gradually rose up.





The entire clock was shaped like the opening of a city’s walls (TL: arch/horseshoe shaped), rounded on top and square on bottom. The white bell was around half a meter in length. The dial within was circular. On the bottom, there was a pendulum, engraved with golden flower pattern, swinging slowly. And Cao Jinxuan’s two hundred-year spirit rings seemed to become part of his body after the clock appeared, swinging at the same rhythm as the pendulum.





Zhou Sichen’s Treasured Book Battle Spirit was already a rare sight, but this Cao Jinxuan’s clock was even rarer. His Battle Spirit was called Time Fleeing Clock (TL: tentative). It was a tool Battle Spirit as uncommon as the Bright Goddess Butterfly for beast Battle Spirits.





The three moved at the same time, so of course it didn’t lack Long Xiangyue. He had maintained a large distance from Cao Jinxuan but still maintained the single line. As an agility Spirit Master, he actually also had a tool Battle Spirit. Following Battle Spirit release, a humongous boomerang appeared in his hand. Even the length of one side was more than a third of a meter. Within the hands of Long Xiangyue, who was not even twelve years old yet, it looked a little unsteady.





After the boomerang appeared in his hand, he paused for a moment, Then turned his body and twisted it back suddenly to release the boomerang. The moment he released it, both of his spirit rings started shining at the same time.





However, just as he released the boomerang, the color of his face suddenly changed as he suddenly felt a sudden hesitation to his originally clear decision.





The opponent’s three person formation was obviously designed against Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. How could they just ignore it?





Of the five people on this battlefield, the first to release his Battle Spirit was really Huo Yuhao.





The moment he saw his opponents lined up in front of him, he realized that he could not repeat the same tactic as in the last battle. It didn’t matter who the opponent was, he would always release his Mental Detection first. This was an ability that could not be detected by opponents, while also giving great aid to him and Wang Dong.





Part 2





Just then, when the agility type Spirit Grandmaster, Long Xiangyue, released his boomerang, he had been hit by Huo Yuhao’s ability, Mental Disturbance.





Compared to Soul Assault, Mental Disturbance’s power was much weaker, but was a lot less obvious. Even Wang Dong was not able to feel Huo Yuhao’s use of this ability. To hide the fact that he had used another ability, Huo Yuhao didn’t use HaoDong Power, but released a direct Mental Disturbance.





That moment of disturbance made all three of their opponents’ minds fuzzy. At the same time, Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly wings had just enclosed Huo Yuhao.





The boomerang flew up and traveled in a graceful arc toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. But the two of them didn’t move at all as the boomerang released an intense glow. With the reinforcement of two spirit abilities, the boomerang was obviously not easy to resist, yet it was ignored.





If it was said that Wang Dong had shown his true powers in the last match, then, this time, the main force was Huo Yuhao.





The moment Long Xiangyue’s boomerang flew out, Huo Yuhao, hidden under the wings of the Bright Goddess Butterfly, had released a powerful purple-gold glow from his eyes.





Zhou Sichen had only just heard a snort behind him before the recently released Time Fleeing Clock vanished in the sky without releasing a single ability. Cao Jinxuan collapsed in front of the shocked Long Xiangyue and fainted.





However, with the experience from last time, Huo Yuhao was able to control the extra force HaoDong Power added to Soul Assault and only made Cao Jinxuan faint, without harming him.





This Cao Jinxuan’s Battle Spirit looked unique, and he was also a control type Spirit Grandmaster. Huo Yuhao felt that the most dangerous opponent out of the three of them, was him. So he didn’t hesitate to use HaoDong Power right in the beginning to quickly finish him. No matter what, not every Spirit Master would have a weird variant defense Battle Spirit, such as the Balloon Elephant. Cao Jinxuan was no exception. He fainted instantly, before he had any preparation.





“Puff—–” The boomerang hit accurately….., to the side an inch away from Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. The sharp cut shocked Wang Dong. Even though Wang Dong didn’t know what kind of spirit abilities Long Xiangyue had reinforced it with, he realized if it had collided directly, it would have been difficult to avoid damage.





Zhou Sichen had just glanced back a single moment, but he was shocked with his mouth open. He was clearly blocking any possible attacks in the front, but Cao Jinxuan still fainted. How did the opponents do this? He obviously didn’t know about the powerful Mental Detection ability that can detect everything within a perimeter. Whether the opponent was flying or on the ground, there would still be no place to hide.





However, as team captain, Zhou Sichen still remained calm. After a short shock, he knew that he couldn’t guard further. The Earth Bear and the Flame-Demon Tiger he had called out before roared at the same time and charged toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





The boomerang that had landed next to Huo Yuhao suddenly disappeared then reappeared in Long Xiangyue’s hands.





The boomerang shot out again. This time, Long Xiangyue was more cautious and densely covered his entire body in Spirit Power before releasing the boomerang.





Huo Yuhao still only had one ring and he didn’t want to expose his Mental Disturbance skill. Without borrowing HaoDong Power, it would have been difficult to disrupt a Spirit Master with preparation. This time, the boomerang was locked onto him.





This was Zhou Sichen’s original plan. With his understanding of Huo Yuhao’s team, he had somewhat guessed the importance of this one ring Spirit Master. So, he had Long Xiangyue take out Huo Yuhao first. As long as the referee felt that Huo Yuhao could not defend against this attack, he will determine that Huo Yuhao is unable to battle. After that, all they had to do was gang up on Wang Dong, and the win would be in hand.





However, Huo Yuhao completed ignored this boomerang. His eyes sprout out purple-gold lights once more. With the support of HaoDong Power, his target this time was Zhou Sichen.





After Cao Jinxuan’s sudden collapse, how could Zhou Sichen not be careful? He had the same thought as Long Xiangyue and covered his body with Spirit Power. He especially guarded against Huo Yuhao’s mental attribute abilities by focusing on protecting his head.





Too bad he had to face the combined power of both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. How could it be so easy to defend against a Spirit Elder level Soul Assault?





On Huo Yuhao’s side, the the instant after the purple-gold light shot out of his eyes, Zhou Sichen, on the opposite side, suddenly bent back. It was as if he had suffered a heavy blow before his entire person fell backwards.





With Mental Detection, Huo Yuhao already felt his defense and released a fully powered Soul Assault.





Even though Zhou Sichen had expected this, it was still not possible to block it. However, an offense type Spirit Master’s innate defense ability was still powerful. Although this attack made him fall, he did not faint. But, he had lost control of the two spirit abilities he had released earlier and they stopped their charge towrd Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong.





“Teacher help me,” shouted Huo Yuhao after releasing Soul Assault.





The boomerang had already traveled halfway. Within a moment, it would have reached Huo Yuhao. But Wang Dong did not protect him at this moment. Instead, he opened his pair of wings. An intense golden light shone on the surface of his wings as he activated his second ability, Light of the Butterfly Goddess. At the same time, the HaoDong Power that had just been infused into Huo Yuhao’s body suddenly turned around and rushed into Wang Dong.





Hearing Huo Yuhao’s shout for help, the proctoring teacher could not do nothing. If a student asked for help in a match, then it meant he had already admitted defeat and could not battle anymore.





A black figure flashed and the boomerang appeared in the teacher’s hands. No one even saw this teacher use spirit power nor spirit abilities, but the boomerang’s glow just disappeared.





At the same time, Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess had just been released.





After calling for help, Huo Yuhao did not use any abilities for offense or defense, and even released his Battle Spirit. His single white spirit ring had also disappeared. No one could have said that he broke the rules. But in reality, he had given all of the HaoDong Power that they generated to Wang Dong.





Right after, the orange, golden light covered the entire field once again.





The teacher who had just caught the boomerang had no choice but to act again. He released a humongous umbrella that opened entirely to block Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess’s three seconds of continuous assault. It was because he had judged that the collapsed Zhou Sichen and Long Xiangyue, who just released his boomerang, had no possibility of blocking this attack.





Team Huo Yuhao wins again and enters the finals.





Chapter 29 – The Two Great Deans

Part 1





When the match on the other side was still in full swing, the semifinal match on this side was already over. It took less time than most had imagined.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong won again. Even with one person short, they still managed to advance from the top eight to the top 2.





Even though the match this time was short, they still lacked a member, which made it a hard match to win. If it were not for HaoDong Power, they wouldn’t have had any chance. If they had started a direct conflict, the winner could have been either team.





Huo Yuhao took advantage of the rules by using the teacher’s protection to avoid damage from the boomerang. But if there was no proctoring teacher? Wang Dong would have had to block the hit for him. In that situation, Huo Yuhao would not have been able to use Soul Assault against Zhou Sichen and the spirit beasts he had called out would have joined the battle. The outcome of such a situation would have been hard to tell.





The change in tactics, along with all four of Huo Yuhao’s spirit abilities, let them win this battle. However, their entire force had been revealed. Soul Assault had already appeared more than once. Their opponents in the future would have extra precautions against it.





The Freshman Examination’s investigations were only on the cultivation of battle spirits. But to the modern Spirit Master, real battles always require the use of Spirit Guidance Devices. Within Spirit Guidance Devices, there existed some powerful defensive ones. Many Battle Spirits’ advantages may become disadvantages.





But a win is still a win. Winning against Zhou Sichen’s trio, Team Huo Yuhao had officially entered the top two. They had also guaranteed themselves a reward.





The two of them did not wander but immediately left the Examination Area for the dormitory. The opponents for their last match was likely Freshman Class Five’s team with Dai Huabin as the leader. They still did not know if Xiao Xiao would be able to recover, but Huo Yuhao’s heart was already burning. This fight, he must win.





“Yuhao, what is up with you today? Do you know that Dai Huabin?” Asked Wang Dong the moment they had arrived back at the dorm. Huo Yuhao’s reaction after seeing Dai Huabin was too suspicious. The usually calm person almost lost control. How could this not make Wang Dong curious?





Huo Yuhao deeply inhaled. Hearing the words, Dai Huabin, his body started uncontrollably shaking again. He lowered his head and put both hands into his hair. Sitting on the bed, he slowly said with a hoarse voice, “Dai Huabin is the son of the White Tiger Duke. You should know about the White Tiger Duke.”





Wang Dong nodded and said, “Of course. The White Tiger Duke became a grand duke after the fall of the Star Luo Empire. It is a highly respected status. The White Tiger Duke’s lineage used to be the royal lineage of the Star Luo Empire. In a battle, a few thousand years ago, the Star Luo Empire had almost perished. It took the combined force of many great clans to keep it whole. At that time, the White Tiger Duke’s bloodline and talent had withered while his authority was extremely weakened. It had lost the respect for people to serve them. As a result, the White Tiger Duke abdicated in favor of someone worthier, giving the position of monarch to the commander who had put down the revolt, which is Star Luo Empire’s current royal family. When all’s said and done, the White Tiger Duke was formerly of the royal bloodline after all. He was conferred the hereditary title of grand duke, forever enjoying riches and honor.”





“The White Tiger Duke’s lineage still flows the blood of the former royalties. The White Tiger Battle Spirit that they inherited is an extremely powerful beast battle spirit. The leader of our Shrek Academy’s first Shrek Seven Devils, Evil Eyed White Tiger Dai Mubai, came from the White Tiger Duke’s bloodline. I didn’t expect that this Dai Huabin was actually a descendant of the White Tiger Duke.”





Wang Dong’s voice paused, his gaze directed straight at Huo Yuhao as he said: “Then, then you and Dai Huabin……”





Huo Yuhao said: “My mother was their family’s servant. I was fatherless since childhood. Mother worked at the White Tiger Duke’s mansion to raise me……” He didn’t say that he was actually also a son of the White Tiger Duke’s bloodline. In his heart, he had never acknowledged this father whom he had almost never seen. He hated this man who had ruined his mother’s entire life. He preferred to say that he was fatherless since childhood and was unwilling to admit his real identity. Apart from hiding his identity, everything else that he talked about was his own real experience. Speaking up to where his mother had been beaten till she was seriously injured because she had protected him and ultimately dying due to her illness flaring up, Huo Yuhao was sobbing to the point where he couldn’t speak.





“Bastard.” Wang Dong fiercely slapped the bed frame and stood up with a “whoosh”.





“What are you doing?” Huo Yuhao hurriedly grabbed him.





Wang Dong said: “Of course it’s to get revenge in your place. Go! We’re going right now.” He originally thought that Huo Yuhao had been born poor but only now did he find out that Huo Yuhao had experienced such torture. It was no wonder that he was so grave despite not being even twelve years old yet. He was much more steady than the people of his age and cultivated like his life depended on it.





Huo Yuhao stood up and pressed Wang Dong’s shoulders to make him sit down on top of the bed again. Rays of light continuously flashed in his eyes, “No, it won’t do. Now is still not the time to deal with him. This is Shrek Academy. First, we don’t have the power to do anything to him within the academy. The one thing the academy doesn’t allow are personal grudges. He is only one of the main culprits who caused my mother to die. I want to take revenge and it’s definitely not just him alone that I want to seek out. My enemy is the entire White Tiger Duke household. That’s why, I want to become strong. I want to become strong enough, to the point where I can stand against the White Tiger household and only then can I take revenge.”





Wang Dong looked at Huo Yuhao in amazement. He didn’t feel in the slightest that the behavior of the current Huo Yuhao for not going to take revenge was cowardly. On the contrary, he sensed the aura on his body emitting a burst of coldness.





The towering hatred that was momentarily bursting from Huo Yuhao seemed as if it couldn’t be washed away even by the water within the three rivers and five lakes. The hatred within his eyes was just that deep. The current him resembled a lion picking a person to devour, completely different from gentle and hardworking as usual.





An eleven year old child was actually able to take his hatred and keep it so deeply hidden while being able to recall it to such depth. It was obvious what he had experienced in his eleven years of life. This was definitely not something that could have accumulated in a day or two!





“Then, how do you plan on taking revenge?” The rage within Wang Dong’s eyes gradually cooled. He wiped away his tears and asked in a low voice.





Huo Yuhao shook his head, “The current me, in regards to the White Tiger Duke household, is merely an ant that can be casually stepped to death. The only thing I can do now is to become stronger and stronger. The White Tiger Duke household will continue to exist. After 10 years, 20 years, even 30 years or 50 years, eventually, there will be a day when I will seek them out. I will stop the inheritance of the White Tiger Duke’s bloodline.”





In this split second, an ominous glint radiated out from Huo Yuaho’s eyes. His eyes, because of that unforgettable hatred, had even turned red. It was also in that same moment that within his sea of consciousness, the gray bead slightly trembled. It caused Huo Yuhao to experience a moment of dizziness. His body swayed and it was only with Wang Dong supporting him that his body was able to steady himself.





Wang Dong thought that it was just him being too emotional. He absolutely couldn’t have imagined that there was such deep hatred hidden within Huo Yuhao’s heart.





Part 2





Huo Yuhao’s hands grabbed onto Wang Dong’s shoulders and gazed at him intensely. The redness within his eyes increased in intensity. “Wang Dong, I consider you my brother. Please keep this a secret for me. “





Although Wang Dong was clearly at a higher level in cultivation than Huo Yuhao, he still felt terror at this moment. However, after the terror, there was a sense of compassion and pity. They were around the same age, yet their experiences were completely different.





Huo Yuhao slowly closed his eyes and tried hard to breath and calm his emotions. The hatred had been buried in his heart for too long. It wasn’t until after the freshman examination did he sensed hope; the hope to be able to avenge his mother. After seeing Dai Huabin today, his hatred was ignited once again. However, it was not the time to act. He must continue to be patient, patient for that ray of hope to grow in the future.





“Ai——” A deep sigh sounded and caused Huo Yuhao to shiver. His relaxed mental state once again tensed up. He released his battle spirit to scan the surrounding and said with a low voice, “Who’s there?”





The dorms were extremely quiet. There was nothing out of the ordinary even under Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection. Wang Dong looked at him with wonder, not understanding why he was suddenly so nervous.





“Yuhao, what happened?” Wang Dong asked with confusion.





Huo Yuhao paused for a moment, “You didn’t hear that?”





“Hear what?” Wang Dong looked surprised.





Huo Yuhao’s heart shook, “Someone sighed. I heard it clearly. How could you have not heard it?”





Wang Dong shook his head and said: “Nothing! I heard nothing. Maybe you were hallucinating?”





Huo Yuhao tried his best to increase the range of his Mental Detection. However, he was still unable to detect any abnormal noise after that sigh.





Perhaps I was really hallucinating? Huo Yuhao felt puzzled but soon rejected this theory. He is a mental spirit master, which means his senses should be more sensitive than normal. Besides vision, his other six senses should also be great. Even under the influence of extreme emotional turmoil, he should still have not hallucinated. Besides, the sigh was so clear, as if it was happening right beside his ears.





“Daydream Ge, Daydream Ge.” Huo Yuhao called out in his mind. (TL: Ge = older brother)





“What?” Daydream Iceworm’s lazy voice sounded. He spent most of his time sleeping. It was just that recently Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s fusion was of great interest to him, so he stayed slightly awake.





“There was a sigh. Did you hear it?” Huo Yuhao asked.





“Sigh? Have you went over your head with hatred?! Where can you hear the sigh? Don’t interrupt me during my sleep. Also, You should calm down a bit. You can’t even control your emotions as of now. If anything happens, you won’t even know how you are going to die. Of course, it’s not important if you are the only one dying. But, you will effect Ge too.” Daydream Iceworm said rudely.





This time, Huo Yuhao was really shocked. Daydream Iceworm didn’t hear the sigh. Does that mean, the sigh he heard really didn’t exist?





No, he really couldn’t believe it. He trusts his own judgment. However, where did the sigh come from then? With Daydream Iceworm’s ability, no one can ever hide from his senses. It’s impossible. Daydream Iceworm is a million years old spirit beast after all. Even if his battle abilities are slightly weak, his mental abilities are unparalleled in this world.





Just as Huo Yuhao was in deep thought, Daydream Iceworm’s voice came back. “Oh right, Huo Yuhao. Ge wanted to warn you. Try to limit your use of Soul Assault. If it is too overused, everyone will take caution of you. Even though your Purple Demon Eyes strengthened your attacks, a higher level master can use your own attack to bite you back if they are known. That can lead to great danger.”





Huo Yuhao was slightly scared and quickly asked, “Daydream Ge, on average, how much higher in level would they have to be to make my attack backfire?”





Daydream Iceworm said: “If they are careful and can use their spirit power well, then even one level higher can cause your attack to backfire. If not because of this, I wouldn’t have been so tragic back in the Star Dou Forest. If Soul Assault is perfect, then Ge wouldn’t have been miserable all those years. The reason your Soul Assault performed so well in battle is mainly because of its unexpectedness. That, and the Purple Demon Eyes increased its attack. Also, the addition of the spirit power fusion of you and Wang Dong made your opponents slow to react. If everyone put up guards against your Soul Assault, then you must be careful. However, you can use Mental Disturbance as much as you please. Even though this skill is weaker, it will not backfire. Remember even if you and Wang Dong teamed up to use Soul Assault, it cannot completely win against a three spirit ring opponent. Use it with caution in the future.”





Huo Yuhao chuckled bitterly: “It’s not me who want to use it all the time. Daydream Ge, out of the 4 spirit skill, besides the Soul Assault, the other three don’t have any offensive power.”





“Uh…, that is also a problem. However, just bare with it for now. You are still very young. Don’t worry. Hurry up and reach level 20. Once there, I will make sure you can be strong. At least you won’t lose to someone at the same level. I’m going back to sleep now.”





Daydream Iceworm’s words served as a reminder to Huo Yuhao. At the same time, his urge to search for that sigh faded. This wasn’t the first time that Daydream Iceworm had mentioned level 20. Which means, that level 20 was a very important level for him. Being able to reach level 20 means a dramatic increase in his abilities. Then he would no longer need another’s help, but able to fight on his own.





Thinking of this, Huo Yuhao gradually calmed down and began to cultivate with Wang Dong to regenerate his Spirit Power.





The battle in the afternoon must be very difficult. Not only will the battle be hard, it will also be torture for his heart. However, this is an unavoidable battle. He will eventually have to face his enemy. If this is the case, then he will just take this battle as training for his heart.





The dorm room became quiet. Due to Battle Spirit Fusion, Wang Dong was able to feel the emotional change within Huo Yuhao. He was not only astonished at how fast Huo Yuhao was able to calm down, but was also filled with admiration.





Judging by looks, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were not even on the same level. However, at this exact moment, the 11 years old Huo Yuhao was both mature and masculine in Wang Dong’s eyes.





The two of them cultivated until lunch time and completely exhausted all of their spirit power. When they arrived at the lunch room, a big surprise was waiting for them.





“Hey, you two. I heard you guys successfully reached the final battles. Good job! Now, I am back. How can there be a final without me?” Xiao Xiao said happily near the entrance of the cafeteria as Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong walked in.





Part 3





The two of them were elated to see Xiao Xiao and quickly walked toward her. Huo Yuhao asked hurriedly, “Xiao Xiao, have you recovered?”





Xiao Xiao chuckled and said, “Of course! I have dual battle spirits and great potential. I don’t need to rest that long for such a small case. See, I’m completely okay now. Let’s go. I’ll treat you two to lunch; the most delicious and most expensive lunch. We need the nourishment so we can beat up our opponents to the point that they can’t take care of themselves. Hehe.”





Huo Yuhao smiled slightly and put out his right hand. Wang Dong once again beat Xiao Xiao and put his palm above with Xiao Xiao’s hand on the very top. The three looked at each other. A confident smile could be seen on all their faces.





“We are champions!”





Since it was only the start of meal time, not many students had arrived. Just as they were saying “We are the champions,” they heard a sharp voice saying, “So shameless. Not even afraid of bragging so much that it comes back on you. The champions will be us Freshman Class Five.”





Huo Yuhao’s trio turned at the same time and saw three freshmen walking toward them. Wasn’t the one in the center Huo Yuhao’s enemy and their opponent today, Dai Huabin? As for the one who spoke, it was a black haired girl standing to his left.





This girl had very unique eyes that were of different colors. Her left eye was a pale blue while her right eye was a pale yellow. When her gaze fell on them, the eyes seemed to raise up. It looked very exotic.





Dai Huabin had a stern face and didn’t say anything. He looked across Huo Yuhao’s trio and went directly into the cafeteria. The black haired girl snorted with disdain. On the other side, a pink haired girl gave an enchanting smile that seemed to sink into the bones. It was obvious that these two girls were Dai Huabin’s teammates.





Just as Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao were about to react, Huo Yuhao raised his hands and blocked them. Dai Huabin had obviously not recognized him. After experiencing intense emotions in the morning, Huo Yuhao appeared much calmer now.





“There is no point in arguing. We will see each other on the field this afternoon,” with this, Huo Yuhao’s trio went to eat.





If it were under normal circumstances, Huo Yuhao would never eat the most expensive meal. Even if it were a treat. It was just too expensive. But today was different. Xiao Xiao’s body was overdrafted in the previous match and needed good nutrients. In the end, Wang Dong didn’t let Xiao Xiao treat them but paid for it himself. It wasn’t that Huo Yuhao didn’t want to pay, but after a look at the number on the check, he had to give up. The money he made selling roasted fish was not even enough for his semester’s expenditures. He also heard that the second year’s tuition fees were even more.





Dai Huabin’s trio, of course, also had the best meal. Since they sat not too far away, there was a scent of gunpowder floating in the air. But, no one acted to start a conflict. No matter what, the match in the afternoon was most important.





After lunch, Huo Yuhao’s trio found a quiet place next to Sea God Lake to plan their tactics for the afternoon’s match. To face a powerful opponent and not be anxious was impossible. Even though they were Freshmen and their power in Shrek Academy was not much, the final match was the most important event for them. Even a small detail may determine the winners.





“It is almost time. Let’s head to the Examination District,” said Xiao Xiao.





“Okay,” nodded Huo Yuhao.





Just then, Wang Dong suddenly said, “Yuhao, hug me.”





Xiao Xiao’s eyes immediately widened. But she also quickly recovered to normal because what she saw in Wang Dong’s eyes was biting cold killing intent.”





He and Huo Yuhao had an unspeakable understanding. Just a move of the body, Huo Yuhao had immediately understood him.





“Wang Dong….”





Wang Dong smiled faintly. His eyes were cold but his voice was very gentle, “How will we know if we don’t try?”





Huo Yuhao took a deep breath and didn’t say more. He opened his arms and hugged.





The Examination District was very quiet. Since it had already reached the final match of the elimination contest, there were no student observers.





Shrek Academy’s examination rules considered every student’s privacy. That’s why the examination was not broadcasted for other students to observe.





All the students who were not participating in the examination had to continue with their lessons. Because of this, the afternoon’s final had the least number of students.





Of course, having less students there does not mean there were less people. Almost every teacher who did not hold lessons were present to observe. The dean of Shrek Academy, Yan Shaozhe, also came and stood with the teachers and Du Weilun on the observation deck.





It didn’t matter that the examination is held only three months after school starts each other. Almost every Shrek Academy inner school student had revealed their talents in the Freshman Examination and received the attention of the school. Dean Yan Shaozhe came this year because the freshmen students this time were especially strong. Usually, even Shrek Academy students would be third years by the time they have three rings. Due to this, having three rings of cultivation is also the requirement for rising from third years to fourth years.





However, three spirit masters with three rings had already appeared this year. This kind of potential would almost guarantee their entrance into the inner school. Yan Shaozhe also wanted to see who the final winners would be.





Comparatively, his focus lied more on Huo Yuhao’s team. He had already heard Du Weilun’s report. Huo Yuhao’s team used the power of only two Spirit Grandmasters and a Spirit Master’s power to win continuously. They managed to defeat Ning Tian’s team and Xie Huanyue’s team, both lead by Spirit Elders. In those battles, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s performance can only be described as amazing.





Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly Battle Spirit was the only one to ever appear in Shrek Academy. And Xiao Xiao’s dual innate battle spirit’s potential was immeasurable. The rarity of dual innate battle spirit masters have stayed the same since battle spirit masters first appeared on the Douluo Continent. Even though Shrek Academy was the world’s number one academy, there were still only three dual innate battle spirit masters, including Xiao Xiao. The other two had already become inner school students and both were ranked in the top ten of the academy.





As for Huo Yuhao, Du Weilun had described his situation to Dean Yan Shaozhe. He has an innate body battle spirit and mental attribute. Unfortunately, he did not receive good education when he was young. Right now, he only has a spirit power level of seventeen and only a ten year spirit ring. Even though he has good potential, the fact that he started late is impossible to recover. At the same time, having a mental attribute battle spirit makes it a problem for obtaining powerful spirit rings in the future for growth. So, for Huo Yuhao’s recommendation, Du Weilun put quotation marks around his name and did not recommend for him to become a core disciple.





Yan Shaozhe was satisfied with Du Weilun. As the teaching director, Du Weilun’s judgment was usually sharp and fair. He also helped cultivate many outstanding students and made significant contributions.





In Shrek Academy’s administration, Yan Shaozhe was not the only dean. He was just the Battle Spirit Division’s inner school dean. At the same time, Shrek Academy also had a Spirit Guidance dean. These two deans looked after everything in the academy.





Part 4





In terms of authority, of course the one in charge of the Battle Spirit Division, Yan Shaozhe, had more. However, the Spirit Guidance Division had their own system and somewhat competed with the Battle Spirit Division. So, Yan Shaozhe did not have any jurisdiction over the Spirit Guidance Division.





Other than these two deans, both the Battle Spirit Division and the Spirit Guidance Division have vice-deans in charge of the outer schools. No matter what, Yan Shaozhe and the Spirit Guidance dean must focus their attentions on the inner school. The inner school is where Shrek Academy’s core really is. So, they rarely interfered with the outer school’s activities.





The outer school dean of the Battle Spirit Division, also the school’s vice-dean, is a scholar type teacher. He spent most of his time teaching fifth and sixth year students. Since these students were candidates for the inner school, they went through many rigorous examinations. He paid less attention to other responsibilities. Other than this vice-dean, most of the authority within the Battle Spirit Division lies with Du Weilun.





As the Battle Spirit Division education director, Du Weilun’s authority was quite significant. However, no one had challenged him for this position. With hardwork in the last twenty years, he had given significant contributions to the Battle Spirit Division. So, Yan Shaozhe was very satisfied with his performance and completely believed his judgments regarding students.





“Weilun, who do you favor in today’s match?” said Yan Shaozhe with a smile.





Du Weilun chuckled, “I favor Dai Huabin a bit more. Even though Huo Yuhao’s team had defeated two Spirit Elder lead teams, their overall power is definitely lower than Dai Huabin’s team. Dai Huabin’s teammates are also not weak. They all have the potential to enter the inner school in the future.”





Yan Shaozhe nodded. Just then, a forceful voice suddenly said, “Since Director Dai thinks Dai Huabin will win, then I will bet on the other side.”





Yan Shaozhe did not look back but his face already revealed the hint of a smile, “Qian Duoduo, how come a guy like you is here too? The moment I smelled the stink of copper, I knew it was you.” (TL: Qian Duoduo means “lots of money”)





The person who just arrived was a sturdy man in his fifties. His face did not have any wrinkles but had needle-like white hair that made him appear experienced in life. His tall and stalwart figure looked as if it were carved from sculpted from granite. He was more than 2.2 meters tall. His shoulders’ wide and sturdy muscles did not shrink a bit from his age. His bronze colored skin reflected a metal-like light under the sun and his body also carried a heavy metal smell. Beside him was Fan Yu.





Yan Shaozhe did not turn his head but Du Weilun turned his body and looked with surprise before bowing, “Vice-dean Qian. Good day. What brings you here?”





This good-natured and constantly smiling vice-dean, Qian Duoduo, was the Spirit Guidance director of general affairs. In the Spirit Guidance Division, he was only below one person. His position was even higher than Du Weilun’s.





In Shrek Academy, positions were not casually assigned. There were usually two paths. One is to have significant contributions to the academy by teaching students. Another is with personal strength. There were only four deans and vice-deans in the academy and they were the real pillars of the institution. To have such high positions, their contributions could not be taken lightly. All of their strengths were at the peaks of those attainable.





Vice-dean Qian Duoduo chuckled, “Aren’t I just passing by? Then I heard you guessing with old Yan about who would win. I love bets. So, old Yan, want to have a bet?”





Yan Shaozhe finally turned his head and smiled, “You bronze-stinking guy who never rises early unless you can gain something from it. I don’t believe your aims are pure. You have always coveted people from the Battle Spirit Division. You better pay attention this time.”





Qian Duoduo loudly walked over to Yan Shaozhe’s side and sat down, then loudly said, “Who are you calling your Battle Spirit Division’s people? They are only freshmen. They haven’t even picked a division yet. Also, they have to wait until the third year until they can pick which division they want to specialize in. Your Battle Spirit Division is only giving them basic education. Bet or not, just get on with it.”





Du Weilun had already dodged to the side and greeted Fan Yu. Fan Yu smiled and nodded. Then, the two found places to sit behind the two deans.





Fan Yu’s position within the Spirit Guidance Division was very high. Even though his current rank is lower than Du Weilun’s, Du Weilun knows that Fan Yu will one day become the Spirit Guidance Division’s vice-dean. He could even become the successor to the current dean. However, his own position as the education director would probably be his end.





Yan Shaozhe did not fall for Qian Duoduo’s provocation but just smiled and shook his head, “No bet. Old Qian, you are actually trying to get money from me. Watch, I’m going to tell Lin’er about it later.”





Qian Duoduo’s face twitched. He said with a face full of depression, “Don’t you mess around. You were shameless when you were young too. My character is much better. You’re always using Lin’er as a shield. Do you know no shame?”





Du Weilun was listening behind them with his heart shivering. These two prominent figures in the entire Douluo Continent are actually here arguing. If the students hear…





Yan Shaozhe glanced at Qian Duoduo’s displeased face and laughed, “Fine, what do you want to bet?”





Just then did Qian Duoduo revealed a smile again, “If the team I bet on wins, then within three years, you will let me pick a freshman to enter the Spirit Guidance Division and not block me in any way.”





Yan Shaozhe snorted, “I knew you had something bad in mind. No bet.”





Qian Duoduo said calmly, “Don’t be in such a hurry. Let me finish first. The student I will will not be one of your core disciples. Plus, I will also not pick any student who has reached level thirty before graduating from their second year. Now, isn’t this good enough?”





Yan Shaozhe blanked, “Old Qian, you need to bet with me for this? Don’t you already take these students every year?”





Qian Duoduo said with a face full of sadness, “Oh don’t mention it. Youngsters these days aim too high. They don’t understand my Spirit Guidance Division and put us to the side. Although we took many students these last few years, the ones who actually fit with us are very few. You also know our program. It is not something normal Spirit Guidance engineers can achieve. Even though the engineering is important, the use is just as important! So, I want to pick a few students with good battle spirits. But you, like a mother hen, are too protective. You don’t even give me a chance to pick. If I don’t come now, then our program would be a disaster. Don’t forget, in our last deans meeting, you agreed that if you don’t support our job, then I will let Lin’er grab students from the inner school. Let’s see if you dare to stop her.”





Seeing Qian Duoduo’s sincerity, Yan Shaozhe thought for a moment, then said, “You really won’t choose a core disciple? You won’t pick any student who have reached level thiry by their third year?”





Qian Duoduo revealed a kind and serious face, “When have I not kept my promises?”





Yan Shaozhe nodded and said, “Okay. Then, let’s bet. Also, even if you lose, I will still let you pick a student like it. That way, you won’t say I’m not supporting your work. However, if you lose, then you will let me play with a hundred of those mounted spirit guidance cannon shells. I want high-explosives. That way it’s more satisfying.”





Qian Duoduo’s face changed color, “Old Yan, you are too evil. A hundred high-explosive cannon shells? Do you know how much money that would cost? Even the material cost is a hundred gold coins each.”





Yan Shaozhe smiled, “You don’t have to if you don’t want to. I don’t want to bet with you anyway.”





Qian Duoduo showed a face of being hurt, “Fifty.”





Yan Shaozhe was afraid that he would back out and immediately said, “Deal.” It was enough to get enough of the specialized high-explosives for the mounted spirit guidance cannon to enjoy himself. Even though he was the dean, he can’t rob his own home!





Qian Duoduo blanked, then said to Yan Shaozhe with shock, “You old bastard. I got played again.”





Yan Shaozhe suddenly started laughing. Unfortunately, he didn’t see the sly look in vice-dean Qian Duoduo’s eyes.





Chapter 30 – Finals

Part 1





Yan Shaozhe was laughing while Qian Duoduo had a face full of displeasure. But actually, he was also laughing in his heart. He glanced at Yan Shaozhe and thought to himself, Old Yan, Old Yan. Even though you are cunning, you still have to drink my feet-washing water. Hehe. I hope you don’t regret this. Of course, even if you regret it later, it would still be too late. Wahahaha.





The two competing teams obviously did not know their match had already become the subject of the two deans’ bet.





The two arrived at the field early to prepare and observe the other side.





Even then, Dai Huabin could not identify Huo Yuhao. But, he could obviously feel Team Huo Yuhao’s threat. From cultivation, they could win. Yet, there were many things that should have happened but did not. Was Ning Tian’s team weak? Be it the Seven Treasure Crystal Pagoda from Ning Tian or the Red Dragon from Wu Feng, both were top spirit beasts within freshmen. Their overall power was not weaker than his team. Was Xie Huanyue’s team weak? Xie Huanyue had a powerful defense but still ended up requiring interference from a teacher. If not, that guy might not have been able to retreat without getting hurt.





The powerful Wang Dong, the dual innate battle spirit Xiao Xiao and that mysterious, single spirit ring spirit master, Huo Yuhao, made him feel threatened. Because of this, he had prepared for the fight beforehand. He even found their former opponents to learn more about the Huo Yuhao trio’s abilities.





Compared to Dai Huabin’s caution and focus, Huo Yuhao had very different emotions. Even though he had convinced himself and buried his hatred deep in his heart, the moment he stepped on the field, his heart suddenly started pumping furiously. He wanted to get his revenge so much! But he also knew that it was not realistic. With so many teachers present and a proctor in charge of the match. In this situation, it would be impossible to kill Dai Huabin with his current strength, even with Wang Dong’s cooperation.





“Yuhao.” Wang Dong called to him softly.





“Yes.” Huo Yuhao turned his head toward Wang Dong, just in time to see a hint of coldness. “Relax a bit, don’t reveal anything.” He softly reminded Huo Yuhao. Not even Xiao Xiao heard it.





Just then, the proctoring teacher walked into the wide Examination District. All of the removable walls had been collapsed, revealing a huge field.





The proctor signaled for both sides to enter the field.





Huo Yuhao’s trio proudly entered. Huo Yuhao still walked in the front, with Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao standing to his sides in the back. On the other side, Dai Huabin was the leader, with the two girls following him.





The proctor called them in front of him and said with a deep voice, “From here, you guys will start the final match. There is one change in the rules. Listen carefully. You guys are allowed to move any way you desire in the field. However, those with flying battle spirits may only fly ten meters high at most. In order to allow you guys to use your entire power, you are allowed to use all your skills during the match. There is no need to hold back. I will be there to control the progress. All those who I rescue will be out of the match. Do you guys understand?”





“Understood,” answered the two sides with one voice. A particular light flashed in Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s eyes. On the other side, Dai Huabin, revealed a hint of coldness. There seemed to be a formless killing intent radiating out from his body.





As the White Tiger Duke’s heir, even though Dai Huabin was no the eldest, he still received the best education. Not only did he learn how to cultivate his battle spirit, he also learned how to participate in battles and kill enemies. The White Tiger Duke was the Star Dou Empire’s marshal. His sons must have experience in the army.





So, Dai Huabin’s attitude was much colder than most and already had the aura of a soldier. His talent was the best out of the White Tiger Duke’s sons. He received a lot of attention. Also, in the White Tiger Duke’s bloodline, the most capable always inherited the family. This created Dai Huabin’s decisive and ruthless attitude. Even when he was only five years old, he had already personally killed small spirit beasts.





“Report your names.”





“Huo Yuhao.”





“Wang Dong.”





“Xiao Xiao.”





Dai Huabin’s side immediately revealed hostility.





“Dai Huabin.”





“Zhu Lu.” Proclaimed the black haired girl.





“Cui Yajie.” Proclaimed the pink haired girl.





The proctor extended his arms straight out toward the two sides and said, “Each side go to the edge of the field. You may begin attacking when I announce the start of the match.”





The two sides slowly retreated. Huo Yuhao’s gaze was still on Dai Huabin while Dai Huabin’s eyes revealed an fierce glow with hidden killing intent. What surprised him was that Huo Yuhao did not back off a bit. Their powers were worlds apart, yet in this moment, Huo Yuhao’s manner did not cower in the slightest.





The teachers observing the battle on the high deck had become completely quiet. Even the deans, Yan Shaozhe and Qian Duoduo, concentrated on the match field.





Fan Yu watched the slowly retreating Huo Yuhao and thought to himself: Kid, I hope you won’t let me down. This final will not determine your freshman examination but is also an examination by the Spirit Guidance Division.





Very soon, both sides had arrived at the edge of the field. The enire Examination District’s space was very big. In their eyes, the opponents appeared tiny.





The proctor raised his right hand and suddenly brought it down with, “Start,” clearly being heard by the students.





The two sides moved the same way. Right after the declaration, they both charged toward their opponents.





Since the distance was great, even Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection could not determine the situation of his opponents.





While charging, Wang Dong yelled and the wings of his Bright Goddess Butterfly opened. He directly flew into the air, but did not pass Huo Yuhao, only remaining above him.





They were clear that if they compared strength, the chances of them winning were not great. Dai Huabin’s White Tiger Battle Spirit is of the highest quality. It is even a level higher than Wu Feng’s Red Dragon. Also, Wu Feng only had two rings and even though Ning Tian had three rings, her support was countered by Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault. But Dai Huabin would not be. He had fully prepared against Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault. His Spirit Elder cultivation had already determined that Huo Yuhao’s team would be in for a tough fight. The only chance of them winning was Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s cooperative HaoDong Power.





Xiao Xiao ran in front of Huo Yuhao and used her own body to block him. At the same time, the first spirit released was the Phoenix Flute.





On the other side, Dai Huabin’s trio maintained their original formation while charging. Dai Huabin charged in the very front. As he ran, he yelled, “White Tiger, possession.”





* * *





Part 2





A layer of intense, pale white glow suddenly exploded from his body. Dai Huabin extended his arms toward the side as he rushed forward. Then, his chest raised up, his bones crackled, his muscles swelled and his shirt tightened around his body. Every muscle became visible beneath. Even the air around him seemed like it was in a frenzy.





His golden hair suddenly became black and white, with white being the majority and a few strands of black hair appearing distinctively in it. His forehead gradually showed four pale lines; three across and one down, perfectly making the character “king.”





His transformation continued with his hands becoming two times bigger and completely covered in white hair. When he moved his ten fingers, dagger like claws continuously extended and retracted. Each piece was like a ten inch blade, flickering with ghostly cold light.





Dai Huabin’s upper body slowly bent forward and his pair of double pupils changed into a deep blue color, giving off the feeling as if he were a killing machine.





At his feet, three shining rings successively rose, two yellow and one purple. As the rings moved, surges of spirit power flowed out with great pressure.





Seeing the White Tiger spirit, Huo Yuhao unconsciously pursed lips. If he were not a variant spirit, he would also have had this Battle Spirit! With the powerful White Tiger Battle Spirit, he could have also received the best cultivation support even if he was a bastard of the White Tiger Duke.





The two girls beside Dai Huabin also changed. On the left, Zhu Lu’s different colored eyes became a darker color. Her ears sharply rose. Her body became long and slender but filled with strength. Each of her fingers also grew razor-like blades. Unlike Dai Huabin’s sturdy body, her body had an illusory lightness. Even though her speed did not exceed Dai Huabin’s, her body flickered as a series of phantom figures appeared beside her.





The red haired girl’s transformation was even more bizarre. After releasing her Battle Spirit, she seemed to have become three or four years older. The originally twelve-year-old child suddenly became a youthful beauty. Her hair also turned pink and became longer as it flowed down like a waterfall. Her eyes were reflectively clear. Her body was filled with youthful vigor. Her ears sharpened even more than Zhu Lu’s. Her stunning face made the onlookers senseless. The strangest thing was two long tails that extended out of her. Each was around a meter long. The dense pink hair also gave off a refreshing feeling, making people want to feel its softness.





Cui Yajie’s pair of pink eyes instantly found Huo Yuhao and she smiled at him. Her first spirit ring also started shining. The light was not obvious and would have been ignored if opponents were not attentive.





Huo Yuhao’s golden eyes flashed and was not moved by her at all.





Cui Yajie’s body shook a bit. Her stunningly beautiful face changed color. Her Battle Spirit was one of the top ones among Beast Spirits because of its uniqueness. It was called the Nine-Tailed Fox. Each time she obtains a new spirit ring, another fox tail will appear. Along with it, her power will increase. Her first spirit skill was called Charm. However, nothing happened when she used it on Huo Yuhao.





The Nine-Tailed Fox Battle Spirit seemed to be in between a mental attribute and an offense attribute. Because of this, her cultivation path was also in between these two attributes. Meanwhile, Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Eyes was a pure mental attribute spirit. So, it would be nearly impossible for Cui Yajie’s Charm to have any effect on him.





Within this short period of time, both side had already charged to within fifty meters of each other. Xiao Xiao’s Nine Phoenix Flute’s speed reduction ability started to take effect. Dai Huabin’s trio obviously slowed down a bit. It affected Zhu Lu the most as two of her illusory bodies disappeared and she did not look so phantom-like any more.





With the distance drawing closer, Dai Huabin’s trio did not only slowed but also entered the range of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection. Each of their movements were instantly transmitted to Huo Yuhao’s trio.





The first to move was Dai Huabin’s trio. Zhu Lu flashed as her speed increased. A row of illusory figures appeared behind her as she rushed toward Huo Yuhao. Even with the Nine Phoenix Flute’s speed reduction, she was still extremely fast.





Huo Yuhao’s trio were shocked. Before the match, they had heard that this Zhu Lu’s Battle Spirit was the Nether Civet, an agility type spirit. But, compared to all the agility type Spirit Masters that they had encountered, her speed was incomparably the fastest. If she was not slowed by the Nine Phoenix Flute, most people would not even be able to catch her shadows.





As Zhu Lu moved, Dai Huabin’s attack also started. A roar came from his mouth as thick white light gathered toward his head. Then, his second spirit ring shone as a ball of white light shot toward Wang Dong. This was obviously to prevent Wang Dong from helping Huo Yuhao.





Cui Yajie’s target also suddenly changed. She originally aimed for Huo Yuhao, but this time, her ability turned toward Xiao Xiao.





They cooperated with each other very well. Each targeted a different member of Huo Yuhao’s team. At the same time, their abilities countered their opponents. Cui Yajie wanted to interrupt the Nine Phoenix Flute’s speed reduction to increase Zhu Lu’s speed toward Huo Yuhao. Zhu Lu targeted Huo Yuhao to first take out the enemy team’s leader. And Dai Huabin aimed at Wang Dong to compare strengths.





If not for Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection, they would have been at an immediate disadvantage from the beginning. Furthermore, they were also lacking in terms of cultivation. However, with their foresight, the situation was quite different.





Cui Yajie’s attack had just started turning when Huo Yuhao’s attack activated. He did not join forces with Wang Dong since it was a three versus three situation. If he and Wang Dong acted together to counter one person, then the enemy who was left would have created huge problems.





Soul Assault. Target, Cui Yajie.





Huo Yuhao’s timing was too clever. Since Daydream had warned him to be careful of a backlash, how could he have chosen the moment when his enemy was most guarded? His Soul Assault was used in the instant when Cui Yajie switched her target to Xiao Xiao.





Even though they were both mental attribute attacks, a clear difference appeared in this moment. For Cui Yajie’s Charm to affect its opponent, the enemy must look directly into her eyes. But, Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault did not have this requirement.





Cui Yajie suddenly choked as she experienced piercing pain in her head. Her foot staggered and her charge slowed as she almost fell. However, her mental strength was much stronger than normal Spirit Grandmasters. Furthermore, Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was below her’s. Without HaoDong Power, it was not enough to be a threat to her. But even with these advantages, her attack on Xiao Xiao was still interrupted.





* * *





Part 3





When Huo Yuhao activated his skill, Xiao Xiao’s main Battle Spirit, the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron also appeared. The huge, black cauldron directly flew next to Huo Yuhao. Just as Zhu Lu was about to reach Huo Yuhao, the huge cauldron dropped.





Zhu Lu’s speed was extremely fast and immediately dodged. But the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron instantly split into three. At the same time, its first spirit ability, Cauldron’s Tremor, activated.





With a roar, shockwaves connected to form a defense in front of Huo Yuhao. Even though Zhu Lu’s speed was extraordinary, she could not circle around in an instant. As she watched the opponent’s spirit ability activate, she stopped her first spirit ability and retreated to dodge Cauldron Tremor’s shockwaves.





Also in this instant, another violent clash sounded. Wang Dong grunted and fell heavily from the sky, landing next to Huo Yuhao.





Wang Dong thought that his first spirit ability, Guillotine Wings, would be strong enough to counter Dai Huabin’s second spirit ability, White Tiger’s Light, but lost. His wings trembled and released an unstable glow. Thin strands of blood also flowed out of Wang Dong’s mouth and nose.





The difference between Spirit Power immediately became obvious.





Dai Huabin did not pause after gaining an advantage. He roared and continued charging forward. His double pupils’ released intense killing intent while the cunning Cui Yajie quickly hid behind him to dodge further attacks from Huo Yuhao.





Dai Huabin was not only brave but also experienced. As he charged forward, his first spirit ring also started shining. A layer of white light covered his entire body, especially his head. This was obviously to protect himself against Huo Yuhao. His first spirit ability, White Tiger Protection, not only had a powerful defensive effect but also increased his overall combat ability.





The two teams’ distance had become very close after the first exchange. With a single jumped, Dai Huabin arrived in front of Wang Dong. He immediately swiped forward with a pair of tiger claws.





On the side, Zhu Lu was dodging the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron’s movements. Her speed was too fast. Even with the Nine Phoenix Flute’s speed reduction, Xiao Xiao still had to focus on preventing Zhu Lu’s advances toward Huo Yuhao.





After losing the first exchange, Wang Dong was at a disadvantage as Dai Huabin appeared in front of him.





Even though both of them were offense type Spirit Masters, their emphases were different. The Bright Goddess Butterfly focused on energy based attacks like his second ability, Light of the Butterfly Goddess. Comparatively, the White Tiger Battle Spirit always focused on close combat. Because of this, Dai Huabin had a significant advantage at this distance.





What surprised Dai Huabin was that Wang Dong did not activate his second spirit ability. After his wings stabilized, he used Guillotine Wings to meet Dai Huabin’s tiger claws.





Dai Huabin snorted. His did not dodge, but aimed heavily hit Wang Dong’s wings while completely ignored the wing’s sharpness. He wanted to use brute force and rip into Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit. From this, one could see how confident he was of his power.





Just when his Tiger Claws was about to collide with Wang Dong’s wings, a warning suddenly appeared in his heart. He noticed that Wang Dong’s wing blades seemed to be different from before. Previously, the wings were blue with a golden edge, but now, the golden color was covered by a faint orange.





Something was wrong. Dai Huabin’s battle experience made him stop his attack in mid-air. Then, he kicked the ground with his right leg and forcefully changed the direction of his charge to dodge to the side. At the same time, his second spirit ability, White Tiger Light activated and shot toward Wang Dong while he was to the side.





But, this time, the situation was completely different. When Dai Huabin changed directions, Wang Dong did not try to meet him but violently expanded his wings. His body immediately floated up and he landed on top of Huo Yuhao’s shoulders to dodge the White Tiger Light.





With Mental Detection, his real-time judgments were very accurate. Dai Huabin’s sudden attack did not have a chance to focus on him and was easily dodged. But, when Dai Huabin suddenly changed directions, the Nine-Tailed Fox, Spirit Grandmaster, Cui Yajie, was revealed.





Just when Cui Yajie was shocked by this sudden change, Wang Dong’s second spirit ability, Light of the Butterfly Goddess shot out.





This was combat’s beauty. Both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong knew that it would be impossible to defeat Dai Huabin with brute force in a moment’s notice. Thus, their target from the beginning was Cui Yajie. The reason they appeared so weak by Wang Dong directly receiving Dai Huabin’s attack was to numb their opponents.





Even if Dai Huabin had rich battle experience, he was still just a twelve year old boy. How much planning could he have? But, Huo Yuhao’s tactic was carried out under his Mental Detection. This moment was also the peak of their cooperation after many previous matches.





Cui Yajie was a Spirit Grandmaster. It was absolutely impossible for her to defend against the Light of the Butterfly Goddess fueled by HaoDong Power. But, at that moment, Cui Yajie showed her ruthlessness.





With the Light of the Butterfly Goddess about to land, there was nowhere to dodge. Dai Huabin was also at the side and could not rescue her. She had no way to retreat, no way to dodge, but did not show a hint of distress. Just then, her second spirit ring started shining. She twisted her slender body and a pair of pink tails shot toward Huo Yuhao’s chest.





Do not think that it was some kind of soft, furry tail. It contained her second spirit ability’s attack.





Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection could clearly feel the seriousness of the Spirit Power contained within the pair of fox tails. That Spirit Power was not spread out, but concentrated like a needle. If it hits his vitals, he would definitely die.





The Nine-Tailed Fox’s second spirit ability, Fox Tail Needle.





Knowing yourself and knowing your opponent will guarantee victory. Huo Yuhao’s trio did not know their opponents’ abilities before the battle. But, with Mental Detection, they could predict their opponents’ movements. However, Dai Huabin’s trio only knew about their opponents based on performances in previous matches.





* * *





Part 4





In their memories, Huo Yuhao had always innocently stood there using his mental attribute spirit ability. Other than that, he never did anything.





So, Cui Yajie never thought her attack would miss. She obviously could not dodge Wang Dong’s attack. But, if she could take Huo Yuhao down with her, then it was still somewhat worth it. As long as Huo Yuhao’s Soul Assault was still on the field, Zhu Lu and Dai Huabin could be affected at any time.





She judged that the perfect timing to attack Huo Yuhao would be when they were fighting at a close distance. When Wang Dong expanded his wings, she set her plan in motion.





In order to let these six freshmen use all of their powers, there were no limitations on what they could use. Only by going all out could they reveal their true potentials to the observing teachers. Because of this, the proctoring teacher was not only very experienced, but was also an agility type, seven spirit ring Spirit Saint. His speed was faster than what students at Huo Yuhao’s level could imagine.





When Cui Yajie brutally attacked Huo Yuhao, the proctor had already closed in. Even this experienced teacher had determined both Huo Yuhao and Cui Yajie were about to be eliminated.





And just when the teacher was about to intervene, Huo Yuhao acted.





His body suddenly became elusive. With a slight sway, he retreated backward, leaving a blur.





Of course his speed was incomparable to the agility type spirit master, Zhu Lu’s. But this movement was definitely not something a normal control type spirit master could accomplish. The most crucial point was that his steps were extremely deceptive. Cui Yajie’s piercing Fox Tail Needle could not even find a target to hit and the pent up Spirit Power could not be released.





Just then, Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess flowed out. Not only did it attack her, but also covered Dai Huabin.





Wang Dong’s feet were on Huo Yuhao’s shoulders. So with Huo Yuhao’s retreating movement, his body moved as well. But, with their Mental Detection and Sharing, Wang Dong’s ability could not miss. Even more, the Light of the Butterfly Goddess was an ability that could be an area-wide attack or a concentrated attack.





The proctoring teacher raised his right hand and grabbed Cui Yajie out of the field. This teacher’s judgment was very accurate. Cui Yajie had already lost her chance to hit Huo Yuhao. If she were covered by the Light of the Butterfly Goddess, then even if she did not die, she would still be critically injured. As for Dai Huabin, there was no need for him to act.





The Light of the Butterfly Goddess violently hit the White Tiger’s Protection and exploded with a shock. Dai Huabin bent his body and used his tiger palms to protect his head while minimizing damage.





However, Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess was still outside of his predictions. This was not some second spirit ring ability. Its power was not something he could endure. As a result, his White Tiger Protection instantly shattered.





Dai Huabin made a prompt decision. The air around his body became distorted. His evil double-pupil eyes became red. His third spirit ring, flashing a noble, purple light, had risen. His originally White Tiger possessed body turned even stronger as his muscles expanded again. This time, his shirt completely ripped to reveal his muscles. The weird thing was that his skin also showed black line patterns. If he had fur, then there would be no difference between his body and that of a tiger.





A pair of tiger palms became even tigger. The extended claws changed to a bright silver color. Extraordinarily, his entire body was also covered by a layer of intense golden light like he was gilded in gold. His blood red, double pupils revealed a bloodthirsty glow. His entire body also carried the tyrannic aura of the king of beasts.





When he used this third spirit ability, both Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong had a sense of danger.





The thick golden light expanded out from Dai Huabin’s body. Both his speed and power increased. His pair of tiger palms collided in front of him and forcefully crushed the light balls generated by Light of the Butterfly Goddess into smithereens.





Even though Wang Dong’s attack was not completely directed toward him, this was still an ability fueled by their HaoDong Power! It had already reached the level of a thousand year spirit ring’s power. Dai Huabin was also the first person to directly face and successfully defend against the HaoDong Powered Light of the Butterfly Goddess.





This was a top level Beast Spirit’s potential. Wang Dong was still lacking in cultivation compared to Dai Huabin. Even with Huo Yuhao’s spirit power fusion, he was still not a Spirit Elder. If Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was at least level twenty, then even with this power up, Dai Huabin would still not be able to match them. But, in the current situation, there was a significant difference between them.





In an instant, the Butterfly Goddess attack had completely disappeared. After sacrificing Cui Yajie, Dai Huabin finally arrived in front of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong in his peak condition. Even though it was one versus two, his power at the moment was stronger than theirs.





When the Light of the Butterfly Goddess was extinguished, Dai Huabin kicked the ground with his left foot with a “pong” sound. His entire body then shot forward like an arrow. The target was not Wang Dong, but Huo Yuhao.





This was the first time Huo Yuhao entered a close distance with Dai Huabin. With the target of his vengeance in front of him, he could not steady himself no matter how much he tried.





With Ghost Elusive Steps, Huo Yuhao quickly retreated. But his speed was lacking compared to the Spirit Elder, Dai Huabin. The distance between them continuously shortened. Dai Huabin’s tiger palms went straight for Huo Yuhao’s chest.





Just then, Huo Yuhao suddenly stopped. His glowing eyes stared at Dai Huabin. With his head as the center, the air within an area of around five meters suddenly distorted. Even those on the observation deck could not detect this subtle change.





This was not Soul Assault but Mental Disturbance. Huo Yuhao understood that if he used Soul Assault against Dai Huabin in his current condition, the one to lose would be himself due to backlash. So, he chose the skill that would have no negative consequences. He created a powerful Mental Disturbance zone of five meters in radius using his increasingly powerful mental power.





When Mental Disturbance activated, Wang Dong suddenly fell forward, with his Guillotine Wings glowing a faint orange color, directly at Dai Huabin. He aimed at the sides of Dai Huabin’s neck.





No matter how tough Dai Huabin’s third spirit ring ability, White Tiger Vajra, made him become, he still did not dare to use his own neck to feel those sharp blades. And, under Huo Yuhao’s Mental Disturbance, his reaction was a split second slower.





So, when Dai Huabin detected Wang Dong’s Guillotine Wings, his reaction speed was a bit slow. He had to use his pair of tiger palms to protect his neck from the attack.





A quick reaction could not compare to one that was planned. Even with Dai Huabin’s strongest ability, it could not shake Wang Dong away. Golden light suddenly glowed from the Guillotine Wings. Light of the Butterfly Goddess activated once more.





With Huo Yuhao and HaoDong Power’s support, the skill had greater power and activation speed. His current strength had reached the level of a Spirit Elder. He just lacked an extra ability.





Dai Huabin was shocked. Wang Dong’s sequence of attacks were too perfectly controlled and did not allow him to counter. He could only helplessly continue defending. He used his second spirit ring ability, White Tiger’s Light to forcefully fight back Wang Dong’s Light of the Butterfly Goddess at a close distance.





One was completely focused on attacking. The other was hurriedly defending. One was a thousand year spirit ring ability, one was a hundred year spirit ring ability. They also differed in Spirit Power. The result was predictable.





A violent clash exploded between Wang Dong and Dai Huabin. Wang Dong was attacking from a higher position while Dai Huabin had tilted his head upward to use the White Tiger’s Light.





In the fearsome explosion, Wang Dong expanded his wings and flew up, easily dissipating the blowback. But Dai Huabin did not have it easy. His legs sunk into the ground as his upper body bent back. Golden light flowed out of his body as he received a great force using his White Tiger Vajra.





Chapter 31

Part 1





Dai Huabin’s third spirit ring ability was truly powerful. Even in a heavily disadvantageous situation, it still protected him from heavy damage.





Although Wang Dong flew up, Huo Yuhao was still there! He did not retreat with Wang Dong but charged toward Dai Huabin instead. With Ghost Elusive Steps, he went forward as his hands turned into the color of white jade. It was the Tang Clan’s Mystic Jade Hands. While Dai Huabin was still tilted, Huo Yuhao arrived in front of him. He then waited for Dai Huabin to start resuming his upright position before hitting his chest.





Huo Yuhao used every ounce of strength available in this attack. He knew that he could not kill Dai Huabin. But this attack contained all of the pain he endured at the White Tiger Duke Household. When his palms hit Dai Huabin’s chest, his eyes turned slightly red.





His three months of training was not wasted. Not only did Huo Yuhao’s Spirit Power and skills improve, his basic constitution did as well. Mystic Jade Hands plus Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon was the most powerful physical attack he could use. Since Dai Huabin’s White Tiger Vajra was just weakened by Wang Dong’s attack, Huo Yuhao’s fully forced hit shook Dai Huabin’s chest and blood spurt out of his mouth.





Even though Huo Yuhao was agitated, he was still a mental attribute Spirit Master. No matter when, his mental powers allowed him to retain clarity. He quickly retreated after his attack and did not continue. In the next instant, Dai Huabin’s body bounced back and his tiger claws passed through where Huo Yuhao had stood an instant ago. With his combat power, if the hit had connected, then it would have at least broken a few bones.





Wang Dong floated down and resumed his position on Huo Yuhao’s shoulders. Meanwhile, even though Huo Yuhao did not truly hurt Dai Huabin, he still still felt a shower of carefreeness in his heart.





Mom, did you see? Your little Yuhao just started your revenge. This hit is only the beginning. There will be a day when I will gain enough power to wash away our decade of pain and humiliation.





Dai Huabin missed his counter attack. His eyes glowed with rage. He could not imagine that he did not gain an advantage at such a close distance. His opponents power was supposed to be weaker than his. But good cooperation and control of timing made him unable to show his strength. The White Tiger Vajra may be powerful, but it also exhausted his Spirit Power rapidly. If too much time passes, he will start weakening.





Without a second of hesitation or pause, Dai Huabin charged toward Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong again.





This battle had just reached the climax.





On the other side, Xiao Xiao was also in a good condition. Her cultivation was comparable to Zhu Lu. Even though Zhu Lu’s Nether Civet was the peak of agility type Battle Spirits, Xiao Xiao’s Battle Spirit was not bad either! She still possessed dual innate Battle Spirits. In terms of overall strength, she was even stronger than Zhu Lu. Her Nine Phoenix Flute was also the perfect counter to Zhu Lu’s speed.





In the current situation, Xiao Xiao also had the support of Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing. If she still could not block Zhu Lu, then she might as well get kicked out.





Three one meter long cauldrons rotated in the air. Each time an opportunity seemed to present itself, Zhu Lu would increase her speed to break through. But then, the cauldrons would encircle her like a cage. No matter how hard she tried, she could not charge through.





She also tried brute force. But, her offensive strength was not enough to destroy a Battle Spirit at the level of the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





Of course, Xiao Xiao was not an expert at offense so she could not win against Zhu Lu either. Because of this, the two of them were in a stalemate.





In the eyes of the observing teachers, this was already Xiao Xiao’s victory. For Spirit Masters, agility types counters control types. Yet, Xiao Xiao was able to control Zhu Lu using her dual innate Battle Spirits. With this, she already had an advantage by not letting her help Dai Huabin. On the other side, the Nine-Tailed Fox Spirit Grandmaster was eliminated early on because of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s clever tactics. In this match, the two sides’ strengths have become much more even.





“See? I am the one with foresight, Old Yan. Haha,” said Qian Duoduo with pleasure.





Yan Shaozhe smiled, “It is too early to tell. Those three little guys have not won yet.”





Qian Duoduo laughed, “Look at their cooperation. Even though their strength may be lacking, their tacit understanding makes up for it. Over time, who do you think will win?”





Yan Shaozhe responded indifferently, “I know what you want to say. That little girl playing the flute and cauldron has been reducing her Spirit Power expenditure by using a single spirit ability from the beginning. If this continues, that little black cat will run out of Spirit Power and the win will be theirs.”





Qian Duoduo chuckled, “I knew you would see it. Then you should admit your defeat.”





Yan Shaozhe gave him a stare, “Old Qian, you have spent too much time with metals. You seemed to have forgotten some of the Spirit Master world’s teachings. What kind of relationship does the White Tiger Duke household and the Star Dou Empire’s Zhu family have?”





Hearing this, the smile on Qian Duoduo’s face froze, “No way. The Zhu family and the Dai family only had one pair each generation. At most, only two pairs are formed. How old is this little guy? The White Tiger Duke would actually let him inherit the household?”





Yan Shaozhe smiled, “Why is that not possible? He is not even twenty but already has three rings. This accomplishment is already greater than his ancestor, leader of the Shrek Seven Devils, standing in front of the gate of Shrek Academy. The Dai family always passed on the position to those with true talent. The White Tiger Duke sent his son to Shrek Academy, not only to learn, but to see how far we can develop his abilities. The Zhu family also has many factions. This little girl is probably the investment on Dai Huabin from one of the factions. We will soon see whether my guess is correct.”





As Shrek Academy’s Battle Spirit Division Dean, Yan Shaozhe not only had great cultivation but was in control of all of Shrek Academy’s learnings and data. It would not be wrong to call him Douluo Dalu’s encyclopedia.





Hearing Yan Shaozhe’s words, Qian Duoduo’s smile completely disappeared. With a face of pain, he said, “I knew you old sly bastard wouldn’t let me gain any benefit. So you were waiting for me here. Can it be a little less? You see, this match is not over yet. If I give up now, can I give you thirty Mounted Spirit Guidance Cannon shells? We have been good brothers for so many years. You know what I value most. You are cutting meat off my back now!”





* * *





Part 2





In the back, the Battle Spirit Division Director Du Weilun’s face was twitching as he tried to keep back his laugh. Next to him, Fan Yu held his face in his hands, acting like he didn’t know the person talking.





Dean Qian was quite outstanding in many areas. But he had one problem. He was very stingy. Within the school campus, he has a long nickname for being a tight fisted penny pincher. (literal translation: Lots of money, small hands, metal rooster, porcelain quail, glass cat.) It means that also he controls lots of money and resources, but it is ridiculously difficult to get anything from his hands. Not even one penny.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong definitely had the upperhand within the Examination Area. Comparing strength, the two were inferior to Dai Huabin; even if the two worked together. However, Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing played a decisive role in the battle. With the strong prediction ability, they don’t really need to battle with Dai Huabin head on. Often times, the enemy’s attack could be used for their benefit. Wang Dong used the power from HaoDong power to expand his wings while Huo Yuhao used his Ghost Elusive Steps. The two of them acted as one, soaring in the blue sky. No matter how hard Dai Huabin tried to attack, it was almost impossible.





It was not like he did not try using brute force. However, the problem was that his opponents seemed to know exactly what his next step would be. This often resulted in another scar on his own body while his opponents cleverly escape.





Dai Huabin also noticed the situation on Zhu Lu’s side. In the beginning of the battle, Zhu Lu had already put in her best effort, pushing her speed to the max trying to break through Xiao Xiao’s barrier. Because of that, her spirit power was draining extremely fast. On the other hand, Xiao Xiao, who was already prepared with every step, was using much less spirit power in comparison. Even though she was using duo battles spirit, she was only using the first skill of the Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute.





Right now, Zhu Lu’s speed had noticeably decreased. Under the effect of the Nine Phoenix Dancing Flute, signs of fatigue could be seen.





On Dai Huabin’s side, in order to maintain his upper hand in attack, he consistently used the thousand years spirit ring ability-White Tiger Vajra. The huge drainage of his power was began to take toll on him. From what he knew, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong should also be using a lot of spirit power. However, they seemed fully charged. If this continued, Dai Huabin’s team might actually lose the battle.





”If you have the ability, then let’s battle head on.” Dai Huabin couldn’t resist to shout angrily.





Wang Dong showed a trace of disdain from the corner of his mouth, “Do you even know what tactics are? To think you are the White Tiger duke’s son. You don’t even know how to use tactics. Such a piece of trash.”





A fierce glance came out of Dai Huabin’s eyes. Suddenly, out of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s surprise, he dispelled White Tiger Vajra from his body.





Although there was the support of Mental Detection, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were still trying to avoid battling Dai Huabin head on, and therefore, left some distance between them. Even if Mental Detection had already detected, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong was confused and therefore a bit slower in their reaction.





Instead of going forward, Dai Huabin suddenly ran back. This surprising change shocked the three members of Huo Yuhao’s team. Under careful analysis of Dai Huabin’s spirit energy rotation by Mental Detection, Huo Yuhao was able to feel that this wasn’t a trick but really running back.





Just as Dai Huabin ran back, Zhu Lu, on the other side, also moved. She attacked Xiao Xiao with Nether Thrust and then quickly increased her speed and turned around to catch up to Dai Huabin.





What are they doing? Are they trying to use this opportunity to recover some spirit power?





Wang Dong came down from Huo Yuhao’s shoulder. Xiao Xiao also quickly joined them. All three of them showed confusion in their eyes.





Suddenly, inexplicably, Huo Yuhao’s heart felt a burst of strong palpitations. This feeling had appeared before. Right before he came to Shrek Academy when he was heading the Star Dou forest, where he met the first monster. It was the foreboding feeling he got from his Battle Spirit, Spirit Eyes.





At this time during the battle, Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu’s acts were extremely weird. Adding on the this feeling in his heart, his said speechlessly: “Are they planning to use Battle Spirit fusion?”





Just then, Dai Huabin roared like a tiger and his whole body swelled up. White hair and black tiger patterns grew from his body.





Zhu Lu bit down and a faint black glow covered her body. Her body seemed to float, looked almost translucent, and sprang towards Dai Huabin with open arms.





At this moment, they only had each other in their eyes. Dai Huabin’s two eyes fused into one. Only the coldness didn’t change. However, Zhu Lu’s gaze became soft as water, seem to be able to melt his.





White Tiger and Nether Civet completely fused together. This feeling was rather strange. White Tiger seemed to have devoured the black cat. A strong force of spirit power blasted out of their fused body. The black and white light expanded within the golden light fusing together, creating a sublime feeling.





Battle spirit fusion is not 1+1=2. Even two identical Battle Spirits might not be able to fuse. Fusion requires complementarity and perfect fit. When Battle Spirits fuse, the strength of the skill is not only equal to the level of the two spirit master but exceeds the combination.





The bodies of Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu disappeared at the moment of the fusion. Only a huge white tiger remained. This white tiger had a translucent body, white fur and black stripes. His purple gaze watched the three team members of Huo Yuhao’s team coldly.





Yes, this is the White Tiger Duke famiy and the Zhu family’s secret. Their Battle Spirit Fusion.





Almost every generation’s White Tiger Duke has a wife from the Zhu family. The duchess that tortured Huo Yuhao’s mom was also no exception. She had great power within the white tiger palace, not only because of her strength, but the power from her family.





The battle spirit of the White Tiger Duke can be more specifically called the Evil Eye White Tiger. Double Pupil Eyes is white tiger battle spirit’s most predominant characteristic. Also, the Evil Eye White Tiger and Zhu family’s Nether Civet Battle Spirits have great compatibility for Battle Spirit fusion.





Since ancient times, the White Tiger Duke’s family and the Zhu family had always kept a close relationship. When the White Tiger Duke family’s line was still Star Duo Empire’s royalty, the Zhu family acted as prime ministers. Although the two families no longer hold their former glory. They still held great power and position in the kingdom. Marriage throughout history between the two families was also a great bridge to bring them closer.





* * *





Part 3





Of course, not every pair of Nether Civet and Evil Eye White Tiger could have perfect Battle Spirit fusion. However, in history, there had always been one, or even two pairs that show up in each generation. Arranging marriage with the Zhu family was the most important part in inheriting the White Tiger Duke’s title. In Dai Huabin’s generation, they were the only pair to show perfect Battle Spirit fusion.





What came out of the Evil Eye White Tiger and the Nether Civet was a huge figure in the center of the examination area; over 8 meters in length and 2 meters in height. This was the product of their battle spirit fusion: Nether White Tiger.





The body of the huge white tiger seemed a bit translucent, giving it an unreal feeling. In a moment, Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu had already started their next attack. The huge body squatted down and jumped toward Huo Yuhao’s three member team in a terrifying speed.





As the huge white tiger jumped out with lightning speed, he held his head high with an arrogant look that demonstrated his domination of the world and his rightful title as the king of the beasts.





“Xiao Xiao. Start.” Huo Yuhao shouted. Then, he turned around, opened his arm, and hugged Wang Dong.





They didn’t want to go this far at first. Huo Yuhao wanted to keep their Battle Spirit fusion hidden for his future. However, at this moment, when their opponent used their Battle Spirit fusion, they could no longer hold back. Huo Yuhao did not want to lose this battle. He needed to let his mom in heaven to see his hard work and strength; to see the moment of revenge.





Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu had a last resort, so why wouldn’t Huo Yuhao’s team have one as well?





Wang Dong opened his arm and looked directly at the Huo Yuhao. There was a strange light illuminating his eyes. It seemed warm, but also encouraging and comforting. This strange light touched Huo Yuhao’s heart. His eyes became even more persistent, but a slight smile appeared on his face. A smile that only Wang Dong could see.





Yes, they had tried to start this Battle Spirit fusion before the beginning of this battle. They succeeded. After only three days, they have recovered enough to release the mysterious battle Spirit Fusion once again.





At this moment, all of the teachers on the observation deck held their breath with the referee being the most nervous of them all. He had already prepared to intervene at any moment.





Beside a few exceptions, most teachers never expected to see such a spectacular scene during the Freshmen Examination. Battle Spirit fusion! This was Battle Spirit fusion!





The referee was already prepared to stop the Evil Eye White Tiger. Even though the Battle Spirit fusion was considered very strong, it was nothing compared to his level of cultivation. He was confident that he could block the attack and save Huo Yuhao’s team at the most critical moment. The only reason he had not done so was because he saw Huo Yuhao’s action and also Xiao Xiao’s movement.





The three large cauldrons around Xiao Xiao gave out a dark light and quickly clashed towards the center. The two additional rings on the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron also started glowing.





Black halos spreaded from Xiao Xiao’s body. However, this time, the black lights didn’t stop but rather all got absorbed by the Three Lives Soul Sealing Cauldron.





As the three cauldrons fused into one, they caused a noise louder than ever before. A mysterious symbol appeared on this humongous cauldron and it created a majestic atmosphere.





Xiao Xiao’s face became pale. She closed her eyes and pointed with her right hand. The huge cauldron flashed and landed in the way of the Nether White Tiger releasing a deafening roar.





“Weighing the Country, Caudron Shock.” That was Xiao Xiao’s best skill.





Xiao Xiao knew that even the combination of her two spirit skills was not enough to stop the Nether White Tiger and therefore did not try to control it. Instead, she decided to release all the energy at once. Even though this caused her to use a huge amount of spirit power, it did not take as much of a toll on her as previous.





Energy waves could be seen around the cauldron with bare eyes, extending to an area with a 10-meter diameter. It was able to stop Nether White Tiger’s attack under the precise guidance of Mental Detection.





As the huge Nether White Tiger felt the attacks from the waves, its whole body lit up with white light. Its movements paused a moment, but its huge body was not affected at all by the strong waves.





Xiao Xiao was shocked. She couldn’t believe that her Cauldron Shock was only able to distract the huge white tiger for a second.





However, the next instant shocked her. A beam of strange golden light shot out from her side. This light, coming from Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong, filled her eyes with radiance.





On one side, Huo Yuhao’s eyes emitted a pale golden light.





On the other side, Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly showed off his brilliant wings behind him.





When they released their Battle Spirit during their embrace, the area of 10 meters in diameter around them lit up. There was a special type of light given off from their bodies.





The light rotated between being blue, purple, and gold colored. The strong light was also mixed with strange spirit waves.





A bright light appeared behind Wang Dong that was the perfect and magnificent Bright Goddess Butterfly.





A huge ,shining, pale, vertical eye appeared from Huo Yuhao, with the pupil emitting a light purple haze.





In mid-air, the two huge shadows gradually got closer. During this process, they all began to change. Huo Yuhao’ Spirit Eyes became more profound and turned into a bluish purple color. The gold color also completely disappeared.





As the shadow of Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly got closer to Spirit Eyes, it flared into bluish gold flames.





The two huge shadows fused into one on top of their head, just as when the Nether White Tiger appeared.





As the Weighing the Country, Caudron Shock used its restraining power on the Nether White Tiger, the flaming Light Goddess Butterfly opened its brilliant wings and embraced the shadow of the spirit eye.





At that moment, the Light Goddess Butterfly disappeared but the bluish purple eyes became brighter than ever.





Dazzling bluish golden light spread out from the top of the Spirit Eye. As it gradually fell down, it embraced Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong within.





The huge spirit eye seemed bottomless. Under careful examination, it almost seemed as if the whole universe could be found within. In the next second, a terrifying ray of light composed of the colors blue, purple and gold shot out from the eye.





* * *





Part 4





A straight path was covered by this dreamlike light. The burst of light seemed everlasting and left a distorted brilliance.





The confident Dean Yan Shaozhe had suddenly stood up when Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong embraced each other. His eyes were filled with wonders. The stingy Dean Qian also stood up with him.





Qian Duoduo’s eyes were filled with just as much shock as Yan Shaozhe. He also did not know that Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong had such a trump card! Moreover, that it would appear within the Freshman Examination. Spirit Fusion Ability versus Spirit Fusion Ability. It was a rare sight to behold even for the upper level outer school and the inner school students. At this moment, all they could see was the tri colored light shooting out from the huge vertical eye towards the humongous Nether White Tiger.





In this instance, even the experienced referee was dumbfounded. He didn’t know whether he should interrupt this battle. Both sides were using Spirit Fusion. How could he decide the winner if he doesn’t let the battle play out?





Although he didn’t know what to do, it didn’t mean everyone was clueless. A white shadow appeared, almost unnoticed at the center of the examination area, and appeared perfectly in between the two Spirit Fusions. He used his back to block the Nether White Tiger’s Tiger Palm while facing the brilliant Tri-Colored Light.





A thick white ray shot toward the sky. This illusive light acted as a solid barrier that stopped the two Spirit Fusion Abilities in an instant.





After colliding with the white light, the seemingly powerful Nether White Tiger instantly broke apart. Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu fell on the ground. Too exhausted to even stand up.





On the other side, the brilliant Tri-Colored Light gradually dimmed. The huge Spirit Eye appeared once again. Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong were still in their embrace. This time, they did not fell to the ground, but rather, they stared in the direction of their blocked Golden Road with their dull eyes.





This person that seemingly appeared out of nowhere to stop the two Battle Fusions using his own body was Shrek Academy’s Battle Spirit Department Director, Du Weilun.





The white light was purely from his spirit energy. Just before the collision, 8 spirit rings rose around his body.





Two yellow, two purple, and four black, the ideal combination. It perfectly represented the true might of a Spirit Douluo.





Du Weilun solved the problem of how one could solve such a violent confrontation. He used his own body to shield both teams from the other’s effect. He would then determine the winner based on the strength of the attacks he felt.





Both of the attacks were Battle Spirit Fusion Abilities and both were last resorts. There was no question that the winner could be determined through Du Weilun’s action.





From the observation deck, most of the teacher didn’t have much of an reaction. Yet, Yan Shaoze and Qian Duoduo in the front row seemed shocked. Because just then, Du Weilun’s body had become a gold statue. Meanwhile, the back of his shirt was ripped by the Nether White Tiger’s attack, showing his bare back with 5 streaks of blood.





The eight rings Spirit Douluo actually took damage? And it was from a couple of three rings freshmen?





This was unbelievable! Even the other teachers began to realize this situation, each stunned in disblief.





Zhou Yi was obviously one of the spectators. Her eyes dimmed as she saw this scene. Although she couldn’t believe something like this could have happened, the Nether White Tiger really did hurt Du Weilun. She knew very well of Du Weilun’s cultivation and therefore could be certain that the injury must be real.





Yan Shaoze’s face was ugly as he turned around toward Qian Duoduo to see him looking back innocently.





“You really didn’t know?” Yan Shaoze asked fiercely in a low voice.





Qian Duoduo laughed bitterly: “Do I look like I knew? They are students at your Battle Spirit Department! How could I have known? Old Yan, don’t tell me you are going back on your words?”





Yan Shaoqi snorted. He turned around and left the area. In a split second, he disappeared from view.





As his shadow disappeared, Qian Duoduo smiled. Although he didn’t laugh out loud, this facial expression betrayed his happiness.





“Dean Qian, what happened to Dean Yan?” Fan Yu asked with a confused expression as he walked toward Qian Duoduo. Dean Qian should have lost judging by what happened in the battle, but…





Qian Duoduo smiled and said, “Let’s go. I’m a really a good person, so let’s not act too proud. But I must say, you really found a nice seedling this time! Our plan might have to depend on him. I don’t care about what you have to do, but don’t let him become a Core Disciple. You heard my beat with old Yan.”





Fan Yu said quietly, “Dean Qian, are you saying, we won?”





Qian Duoduo laughed and said, “Of course we did. Let’s go.” As he spoke, he also flashed down from the observation deck, gone from the teachers’ view.





In the examination area, the golden color had dissipated from Du Weilun’s body. However, disbelief could be seen on his face. His eyes sparkled with light and stared at the embracing Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. He could not believe what had just happened. Yet, the burning pain on this back reminded him the reality that had just happened in front of his eyes.





Dai Huabin stood up slowly and support Zhu Lu. The excited Nine Tailed Fox, Spirit Grandmaster, Cui Yajie, came to their side cheering.





Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong looked gloomy. Even though they did not see the injury on Du Weilun’s back, they saw their opponent’s reaction and felt that they must have lost. They could not see the results of Golden Road and were confused with this loss. Huo Yuhao felt disappointed that he did not get to have a fair battle with Dai Huabin. He really wanted to see whether their last attack could have conquered their opponents!





As the headmaster, Du Weilun recovered quickly after blanking out for a short period. A bitter smile appeared on his face. He thought to himself, what an embarrassment!





“Very good. You all performed very well,” said Du Weilun. Everyone quieted down and focused their gaze on him.





Du Weilun said quietly, “I am very surprised that you guys were able to cultivate to this extent as freshmen and even used Spirit Fusion Abilities. I have also personally experienced the strength of your techniques.”





As he spoke, he stared coldly at the referee standing nearby. If he had acted, then why would I have needed to reveal my back? The referee shamefully lowered his head, afraid to return Du Weilun’s look.





Du Weilun said, “Now let me announce the winner of this battle. They are…” He stopped for a second and then pointed with his right hand towards Huo Yuhao’s team. “Team Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, and Huo Yuhao!”





“Boom–” The entire field was in an uproar.





Dai Huabin’s team could not believe what they just heard. Even the teachers were shocked. From their point of view, Dai Huabin’s team must had won due to the injury they had caused. Maybe Director Du was embarrassed and wanted to take revenge? No, that could not be possible. Two deans were present as well, so how could Director Du show favoritism? And, Du Weilun had a reputation of being fair. Ever since he became the director, he had never been wrong.





Not even Huo Yuhao’s team could believe this. They looked at each other and murmured: “We won?”





Wang Dong asked in confusion, “Did Director Du say first place or second place?”





Huo Yuhao smiled and confidently said, “I think we actually won!”





As the three of them accepted this reality, smiles appeared on their faces. Dai Huabin’s team, however, began to protest. Zhu Lu complained despite her weak body, “Why are they the winners? We should have won!”





Du Weilu turned around and glared at them: “Are you questioning my judgement?”





Zhu Lu was taken back a little by his powerful tone. However, her eyes demanded an answer. Although Dai Huabin didn’t say anything, he also stared directly at Du Weilun with no sense of backing down.





Du Weilun forcefully suppressed the tragedy in this heart and secretly thought to himself: An embarrassment is enough. But now they want me to describe how I was embarrassed! These little bastards.





CHAPTER 32 – REWARDS AND CORE DISCIPLES

Part 1





But, he must have had an exceptional character to be able to become the education director. After a few moments of depression, he quickly recovered and even showed the hint of a helpless smile.





“I must say, you are all exceptional. You even embarrassed me today. I underestimated the power of your Spirit Fusion Abilities. It can’t be blamed on others. I won’t even charge you guys for seeing my bare back.”





With these words, laughter rang out from the observation deck. With Du Weilun’s charisma, a simple sentence had already dissipated his awkwardness. He even joked about himself. The other teachers were secretly admiring him as they wondered whether they could have solved this situation as perfectly as Director Du Weilun.





Du Weilun continued, “I know that if I do not clarify, you will all have suspicions. First, I want to affirm what I said before. I did not make any mistakes. The final champions are Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao. Their shocking performance gave them victory in the finals of this freshman competition and they are fully worthy of being the champions.”





He repeated his previous announcement of winners. The faces on Dai Huabin’s trio turned even more ugly.





Du Weilun said, “You all saw the previous situation. As a teacher, I need to prevent any damages on these outstanding freshmen. Both sides were using Spirit Fusion Abilities. If we were only to watch using our eyes, I doubt even the two deans could have determined the true winners. So, I had to experience them myself. I understand that you all saw me being injured by Dai Huabin and Zhu Lu’s Nether White Tiger and thought they won. However, I want to ask you all. As a Spirit Douluo, could my defense be so weak? Even if they were using a Spirit Fusion Ability, they are still only a three ring Spirit Elder and a two ring Spirit Grandmaster. If they could directly damage me, even while I had already activated my Spirit Power to protect myself, then I might as well resign from the position of director.”





The anger in Dai Huabin’s eyes started calming down after hearing these words. Right! Du Weilun’s words are not wrong. As a powerful eight ring Spirit Douluo, how could my Spirit Fusion Ability with Zhu Lu hurt him? This really is a bit unbelievable.





Du Weilun continued, “By now, I think you have all realized the answer. Yes, the Nether White Tiger could hurt me because I had just directly faced another Spirit Ability. Wang Dong, Huo Yuhao, I still don’t know the name of your Fusion Ability. After receiving your Battle Spirit Fusion Ability directly, I think I have the qualifications to know?”





Wang Dong smiled and responded, “Teacher Du, you are the first to endure our Battle Spirit Fusion Ability. This is also the first time we used it in battle after succeeding in our experiments.”





Du Weilun looked at him with surprise, “I feel honored. Then, can I know its name now?”





Wang Dong nodded, “Of course. Yuhao, you tell him.”





Huo Yuhao looked at Dai Huabin, then said with a calm voice, “Our Battle Spirit Fusion Ability is called: Withering in Brilliance, Road of Gold.” (TL: I refer to this as Golden Road and it was previously translated as Fading in Radiance. I like the previous translation more, but this current one is more accurate.)





Du Weilun’s gaze fell to the ground and shock flashed across his eyes. On the ground of the examination area, a thirty meter long, half a meter deep gully was still glowing with a golden luster. Under the sunlight, it flickered with radiance.





The teachers on the observation deck were only concerned with the winners of the match before. Only after Huo Yuhao stated the name did they notice the dazzling road of gold. This road of gold continued directly toward Du Weilun’s position until it stopped.





Du Weilun slightly nodded, “I have to say, your Spirit Fusion Ability is one of the most unique I had ever seen. To use this kind of power with your cultivation is already beyond my understanding of Battle Spirit Fusion Abilities. I believe that the extent of your Battle Spirit Fusion must be very high.”





Speaking to this point, he turned toward Dai Huabin’s trio once again, “The reason your Nether White Tiger was able to injure me only had a single reason. It was because I was hit by their Golden Road before your attack had reached me. The effects of a Battle Spirit Fusion ability is a Spirit Master’s secret, so this is all I can say about it. The two deans were also present. I believe they had already determined which was the more powerful skill after feeling changes in Spirit Power as the skills collided against me.”





“Your Nether White Tiger was powerful. In that situation, if you guys were able to dodge a direct attack from their Golden Road, then you would have won. But, after you guys were affected by Xiao Xiao’s Spirit Ability, you were slowed down. Which is to say, there was no way for you to dodge. In this circumstance, you would have lost for sure if you were hit by Golden Road. That’s enough. It is all I can say for now. The Freshman Examination is now completely finished. We will hold the freshman ceremony tomorrow morning and distribute rewards to the top three teams as well as redistributing freshmen classes.”





“Win without pride, lose without bitterness. This is essential for improvement. You guys are the most outstanding in the freshmen class. I don’t want this one match to affect your future developments. Okay, let’s stop here.”





With these words, Du Weilun turned and quickly left the examination area.





Dai Huabin swayed a little. Only with Zhu Lu’s support did he avoid falling. His usually stubborn and proud attitudes were completely gone from his face. Replacing them were disbelief and a powerful resentment.





I lost. I actually lost. I lost to opponents who are far below me in cultivation. How could this happen? How could this have happened?





Huo Yuhao’s eyesight was extremely good and could clearly see all the changes in Dai Huabin’s expressions. A hard to describe happiness immediately rose in his heart. He suddenly realized that attacking Dai Huabin’s pride was the best way to get his revenge.





“We won.”





“We are the champions.’





Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong exploded in celebration. They grabbed Huo Yuhao at the same time and flung him into the sky as he yelped in shock.





Three people, one team. They finally became the champions of the Freshman Examination in the end. Who was the true core? Xiao Xiao and Wang Dong were both clear on that.





Undoubtedly, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao performed well in match after match and were able to fully demonstrate their powerful potentials that won every teacher’s attention. However, without Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection, Soul Assault, understanding of the battlefield and timing, without Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s Spirit Fusion Ability, could they really have come so far?





* * *





Part 2





Huo Yuhao’s personal strength was quite weak. But even if a level twenty five spirit master replaced him, it would still be impossible to outperform him! Discounting friendship, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao really admired him. Only they knew that Huo Yuhao not only worked hard, but actually had shocking talent.





Zhou Yi had come off from the observation deck some time before and charged toward them. This usually strict teacher was as excited as children. She hugged her three students and jumped with them with joy.





Dai Huabin’s homeroom teacher had also arrived to comfort them. But, Dai Huabin’s expressions did not change. His eyes still glared at Huo Yuhao’s trio with hatred. His fists were clenched tight. Next time, I definitely won’t lose!





The Freshman Examination results quickly spread throughout the entire academy. Huo Yuhao skipped work once again that night and didn’t sell any roast fish. He went with Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, along with Bei Bei and Tang Ya to the wilderness to make roast fish for them specially.





Bei Bei and Tang Ya didn’t expect for Huo Yuhao’s trio to become the champions at all. They had already lost hope once they heard that there were three Spirit Elders in the freshman class. But, Huo Yuhao delivered a huge surprise.





“Wang Dong, do you still want to join our Tang Clan?” Tang Ya finally remembered after finishing her fish.





Wang Dong quickly nodded, “Of course I still want to join!”





Tang Ya laughed, “Okay. Since you did just win the competition, this clan leader can’t go back on her words. I approve your request to join the Tang Clan. Xiao Xiao, what about you? Any interest?”





Xiao Xiao blinked a few times, then murmured, “Tang Clan?”





“Yes! The Tang Clan. Our Tang Clan doesn’t have any special privileges. But, we will also never bow down to any one. As for our own, we will teach you all of our secret techniques.”





Xiao Xiao smiled, “Okay. Then I will join too. I haven’t joined any clans anyway. Sister Tang Ya, I want to learn Yuhao’s movement technique.”





Tang Ya generously nodded, “No problem. I will teach you later.” Even though she usually acted careless and loud, she was actually hiding great joy in her heart at the moment. Wang Dong’s power was needless to say. For Huo Yuhao’s trio to obtain the win, a lot of it was based on his brute force. But, Xiao Xiao’s potential was not a bit less than Wang Dong’s. She had dual innate battle spirits! Tang Ya didn’t think she would agree to join so easily.





Actually, what Tang Ya didn’t know was that Xiao Xiao was willing to join the Tang Clan because of Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. Their Battle Spirit Ability was too amazing. Also, the closer they became, the more Xiao Xiao liked Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong. Compared to Wang Dong, Huo Yuhao’s potential and appearance were lacking. But, his clam and perseverance were things Wang Dong lacked. Xiao Xiao believed that Huo Yuhao’s future performance would not be lacking compared to Wang Dong. Be it cultivation or future opportunities, being in the same team as them would be very beneficial.





In the spirit master world, good partners are crucial. Xiao Xiao had already become accustomed to the carefree style of fighting under Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection. The three of them had also developed a tacit understanding. If they enter the inner school, then they will work together for at least the next ten years. If they continue to cooperate like this, then this team would be very stable by the time they leave Shrek Academy.





Xiao Xiao was still a young girl. She only thought about her own future and people she could trust. She didn’t consider anything else. But Tang Ya coincidentally obtained a huge advantage for the Tang Clan.





From this, the originally two membered clan suddenly became five. They were still young, but the clan is finally gaining some size.





Bei Bei said, “You guys have successfully passed the Freshman Examination, so your classes will be divided now. Offense and control will be together. You guys are also in the same team, so you should all end up in the same class. I don’t need to say this to Huo Yuhao, but Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao, you guys should have heard that our Tang Clan is famous for its hidden weapons. But, with the appearance of Spirit Guidance Weapons, our hidden weapons disappeared from history’s stage. This is also the reason our clan went into decline. For the Tang Clan’s rise, we must revive hidden weapons. However, we can’t use the simple hidden weapons from the past. We must combine hidden weapons and Spirit Guidance Devices to obtain a chance at glory. What do you guys think about Spirit Guidance Devices? After becoming first year students, you guys will be able to study it.”





Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao glanced at each other and frowned. Xiao Xiao quietly said, “I have two Battle Spirits so if I research and use Spirit Guidance Devices, then I would not have enough time to cultivate. I feel that as Spirit Masters, we should prioritize cultivation. Researching Spirit Guidance Devices is something that those with poor potential or Battle Spirits want to do right?”





Wang Dong nodded, “I agree with Xiao Xiao. I also don’t really want to learn about Spirit Guidance Device construction.”





After speaking their minds, they were expecting Bei Bei and Tang Ya to be unhappy, but they both smiled. Tang Ya said with a bit of helplessness, “You guys really are outstanding students from the Battle Spirit Division! This is the typical thought from Battle Spirit Division students. Actually, even Bei Bei and I feel that it would lead to less time for us to cultivate. And there would be limited time to truly focus on Spirit Guidance Devices research. It is up to you on what to do. The Tang Clan would never restrict how you want to cultivate. I only asked out of curiosity. You guys have unparalleled talents. It won’t be good to divide your focus. We can just recruit some disciples who want to focus on Spirit Guidance Devices research in the future.”





“Teach Xiao Ya, I want to study Spirit Guidance Devices.” Just then, Huo Yuhao suddenly spoke up.





Tang Ya’s eyes shined. “Yuhao, you want to?”





Huo Yuhao nodded, “Spirit Guidance Devices have a fascinating aspect to it. For it to replace our hidden weapons as the most important tools means that its power is significant. I want to try it. If I don’t have the talent then so be it. But if I do, then I want to learn.”





“Good! Good!” Tang Ya was overjoyed. “You are actually quite suitable for studying Spirit Guidance Devices. Especially because of your mental attribute Battle SPirit that can determine the enemy’s techniques. In combination with Spirit Guidance Devices, your combat abilities would significantly increase. In using them, the deeper your understanding, the more powerful they can be.”





Bei Bei reminded him, “Little brother, you should also manage your cultivation time well. Your Battle Spirit has great potential. Don’t focus on Spirit Guidance research too much. Spirit power and spirit rings are our basis. Even the most powerful Spirit Guidance Weapon still requires sufficient Spirit Power to use.”





* * *





Part 3





“Yes, elder brother.” Huo Yuhao quickly replied. He already had his own thoughts. After seeing the mounted Spirit Guidance Weapon’s overwhelming force, he had already developed an interest in Spirit Guidance Weapons. He also understands the great power of the enemies he wants to gain revenge on. He would have to use all available power. If he doesn’t learn about Spirit Guidance Devices, then how could he know how powerful they really are?





He didn’t know that this kind of thought would soon become proven as Spirit Guidance Weapons will open a wide door for him.





Tang Ya leisurely said, “However, you guys may not be successful even if you choose the Spirit Guidance Division. It is great to have won the Freshman Examination, but there are also problems that come with it! Yuhao, if you can’t enter the Spirit Guidance Division, then cultivating normally is just as good.”





Huo Yuhao paused, “Teacher Xiao Ya, why would I be unable to enter the Spirit Guidance Division?”





Tang Ya responded, “Do you guys know the rewards for the Freshman Examination?”





Hearing the word reward, Huo Yuhao’s trio’s eyes suddenly brightened. They were all young and couldn’t hide their emotions well. Shrek Academy was the world’s number one Spirit Master academy. They were also the champions of the Freshman Examination. How could the rewards be lacking?





Wang Dong couldn’t wait to ask, “Teacher Xiao Ya, what are our rewards?” After joining the Tang Clan, he had switched his form of address to match Huo Yuhao’s.





Tang Ya responded, “The reward is different every year, but it usually doesn’t differ by much. Usually, the reward is based on the overall quality of the class. I don’t know about others, but in the few years after I joined, we have not seen a single freshman Spirit Elder. You guys are the first. So, I predict that your reward must be really good. As for exactly what, I don’t know. But there is one reward that the champions always receive. That is becoming a core disciple.”





“Core disciple?” It was not the first time that they had heard about it. Teacher Zhou also mentioned it before.





Tang Ya nodded, “You guys are the freshman champions. So there should be no problems in becoming core disciples in the Battle Spirit Division. But, if you become core disciples in the Battle Spirit Division, then the academy will focus more resources on you so that you can improve and become more powerful Spirit Masters. In these circumstances, the Battle Spirit Division would of course not let you choose to learn in the Spirit Guidance Division. In our academy, the Battle Spirit Division always takes the lead.”





Just then did Huo Yuhao’s trio understand. The moment he thought of how core disciples can eat the most nutritious meal, his face broke out in joy.





Bei Bei looked at Huo Yuhao with a hint of doubt. But, he did not say it outloud. He thought to himself, hopefully I’m being too pessimistic.





Dawn. Another sun filled morning. Because of the Sea God Lake in the middle of the academy, the air was not only refreshing but also very humid.





After the results of the Freshman Examination had spread across the entire campus, it was time to divide classes.





The Battle Spirit Division Director Du Weilun lead a dozen teachers in front of the students. Within these teachers, Huo Yuhao only recognized two. The first was of course his previous homeroom teacher, Zhou Yi. The second was teacher Wang Yan. He only had vague impressions of the other teachers.





Du Weilun carried a folder in his hands. He scanned the students with a smiled. “I believe you have all heard that the Freshman Examination elimination contest is over. We have determined the top three teams. Next, I will announce the winners and their rewards. Freshman Examination, third place. Team Huang Chutian. Team members, Huang Chutian, Lan Susu, Lan Luouo. Please step up.”





That’s right. After being defeated by Huo Yuhao’s team, they were able to successfully obtain the outstanding grade of third place. They lost to Dai Huabin’s team in the semifinals, but won against Zhou Sichen’s team in the third place match. They were also lucky. The Lan sisters’ Spirit Fusion Ability recovered during the match against Zhou Sichen’s team. This helped them win. Otherwise, based on personal strengths, there was no chance they could have won.





Under Huang Chutian’s lead, the three of them walked in front of Du Weilun. Because of their youthful excitement, their faces were slightly blushed. To obtain third place was already out of their expectations!





The entire freshman student body exploded in thunderous applause. After the elimination contest, there was around three hundred students left in the freshman year. Compared to when school first started, two-thirds have left.





“Second place. Team Dai Huabin. Team members, Dai Huabin, Zhu Lu, Cui Yajie. Step up.”





Applause sounded again. But when Dai Huabin’s trio walked up, their faces did not carry any excitement. Especially Dai Huabin. He was very tense and slightly lowered his head as if deep in thought. Vessels of blood were also apparent in his double pupil eyes.





Du Weilun paused a second, then slightly raised his voice, “Next, please give your warm applause to welcome the Freshman Examination Champions. They are, Team Wang Dong. Team members, Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao and Huo Yuhao.”





Suddenly, the entire field exploded in enthusiastic celebration. But after hearing Du Weilun’s announcement, Huo Yuhao’s trio blanked a moment.





According to the Freshman Class One application, their team name should be Team Huo Yuhao. Huo Yuhao was the captain! But, in front of so many students’ cheers and applause, they did dare to pause and quickly stepped up. However, when they were walking to the front, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao purposely slowed by half a step to let Huo Yuhao walk in the front.





Seeing the three of them step up, Du Weilun revealed a smile and indicated for them to stand in the center. Huo Yuhao looked at Dai Huabin at the side, who was staring back at Wang Dong. Obviously, he didn’t think his loss had anything to do with Huo Yuhao.





Du Weilun continued, “Good. Now I will announce prizes for the top three teams. Members of all three teams will first receive the same award of being able to choose a spirit ring when needed. It will be provided by the academy at the academy’s own expense. And, it will be the most suitable spirit ring.”





With these words, the freshman students were in shock and praise. This reward was basically the academy’s promise to these nine students that their next spirit ring will be at the limit. For example, Huo Yuhao should be able to endure a seven hundred year spirit ring for his second ring, so the school will help him find a suitable seven hundred year spirit ring. If every single person was given this, then this reward was quite significant.





* * *





Part 4





Du Weilun continued, “In view of the exceptional performance and complete victory of Team Wang Dong throughout this competition, the academy decided to award them a special prize. This prize will be kept secret. After class reassignments, you guys will follow me to receive them together.”





There is a special prize? This is the difference between the champions and second and third places. Huo Yuhao’s trio became instantly excited. Even the awkwardness of being called Team Wang Dong had lessened.





No one complained about Huo Yuhao’s team receiving a special prize. On their road to victory, they had defeated Ning Tian, Xie Huanyue, and Dai Huabin’s Spirit Elder lead teams. All three of the Spirit Elders had been defeated with their hands. It could be said that there were absolutely no tricks involved in becoming champions. A special prize is within reason.





Du Weilun said, “Okay. You guys can return to your positions.”





The nine of them stood back to their original places.





Du Weilun continued, “This year’s new students are more exceptional than before. I hope you will all work hard in the future. God rewards the diligent. No matter how great your talent, you will not be rewarded without hard work. Our Shrek Academy is the continent’s number one Spirit Master academy. We hope you will successfully graduate and obtain outstanding achievements. Based on performance in the Freshman Competition, the academy has selected a group of this year’s students to become the core disciples of the outer school. Now I will announce their names.”





Shrek Plaza suddenly became so silent that not a crow or a sparrow could be heard. Of course core disciples are not limited to the top three teams! Although Du Weilun did not say it, but everyone knew that the outer school’s core disciples will obtain precious resources from the academy. Since this concerned their own interests, these young students focused their attention, afraid to mishear their own names.





Du Weilun opened the folder in his hands and read, “After examining performance during the Freshman Examination, the core disciples will include: Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, Dai Huabin, Zhu Lu, Zhou Sichen, Cao Jinxuan, Lan Susu, Lan Luoluo, Ning Tian, Wu Fen.”





When Du Weilun started talking about core disciples, Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao immediately thought that Teacher Xiao Ya’s information was indeed very accurate.





Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s names appeared in the front. Both were obviously excited. But, what surprised them was that Huo Yuhao’s name never appeared. It went straight to Dai Huabin. How could this be? Huo Yuhao was their team leader!





Du Weilun continued reading. They still held a sliver of hope. But by the end, they still did not hear Huo Yuhao’s name.





Huo Yuhao had also became dull. In that instant, he felt as if something was pulled out from inside of them. His face instantly paled.





Since the day he entered Shrek Academy, he had spent all his efforts to train and improve. Even when others were resting, he was still cultivating. When people were being lazy, he was again cultivating. In the Freshman Examination, he also spent all of his energy with his teammate. In the end, they had obtained the highest honors. But. Why, why am I not included as a core disciple? Why is this?





Huo Yuhao’s expression was very calm, but his heart had a shadow that normal people could not possess. The pains he had built up from young had exploded when he first saw Dai Huabin, but he was able to suppress it with his intellect. But in this moment, he had an unbearable feeling. Why, why are they treating me so? He finally understood why Du Weilun changed their name from Team Huo Yuhao to Team Wang Dong. This was obviously decided earlier!





Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao were each standing to a side of Huo Yuhao and obviously detected his mood. Wang Dong quickly grabbed Huo Yuhao’s arm, afraid he would lash out. But he did not know what to say. Both he and Xiao Xiao had become core disciples. But Huo Yuhao did not. What could he be feeling?





Du Weilun continued, “Based on the Freshman Examination, there are some students whose talent and abilities are lacking, but still performed well. So the academy has decided to allow them temporary treatment as core disciples, until the end of the school year. If they perform well during the final exam, the school will raise their status to core disciple. Their names will be listed now: Huo Yuhao, Cui Yajie, Huang Chutian, Long Xiangyue, Nanmen Yuner. The announcement is now complete.”





Huo Yuhao’s gaze seemed empty. But the anger in his heart gradually calmed. Right! My ability is lacking. In Du Weilun’s list of students, I am the only one who had not reached a cultivation of level twenty. The treatment of a core disciple. So much for the treatment of a core disciple! Tears flashed within his eyes. He slowly lowered his head and buried the sadness deeply within his heart.





Maybe if I did not have our Battle Spirit Fusion Ability, I might not even have obtained this core disciple treatment. Who can I blame? I can only blame myself for not having enough power. I can only blame the fact that my first spirit ring is only a ten year ring in their eyes. A self-deprecating smirk appeared on Huo Yuhao’s face. When he finally raised his head, his gaze had gained another hint of coldness.





“Yuhao, are you okay?” Wang Dong asked quietly.





Huo Yuhao lightly shook his head and weakly smiled, “I’m fine. I just don’t have the qualifications to be a core disciple. I am only a level eleven Spirit Master.”





Wang Dong quickly responded, “No. No, it’s not like that. They don’t know how important you are…”





Xiao Xiao also continuously nodded.





Huo Yuhao’s smile became somewhat more natural, “I really am fine. Didn’t Director Du just say that I can receive the same treatments as a core disciple? This is already good enough. I need to continue putting in effort. Maybe I can become an official core disciple by the next examination.”





Wang Dong sighed and released Huo Yuhao’s arm. He and Huo Yuhao had lived together for some time. They were also Battle Spirit Fusion partners. He understood Huo Yuhao’s personality very well. Although Huo Yuhao acted calm and had a good temperament, he was actually a very ambitious person. Wang Dong only learned about his unyielding and stubborness after hearing about his life. But no one can help him overcome this obstacle. He must rely on himself.





Next was class reassignments. The entire first year was divided into four classes. Class One as offense and control, Class Two as defense and agility, Class Three as support and Class Four for specialty Spirit Masters, such as food and healing types.





It was without doubt that the strongest was Class One. Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao had been assigned to this class. The strongest in Class Two was obviously Xie Huanyue. His Battle Spirit was the most unique. Class Three did not only include support types, but also included Spirit Masters who could fight while providing direct support. This included Spirits such as Ning Tian’s Seven Crystal Pagoda. Class Four had a mix of Spirit Masters. Comparatively, they did not have much fighting potential. But, they often possessed unusual abilities. The most important ones were food and healing types.





Almost every year was divided like this. The only difference was the higher years containing less people due to Shrek Academy’s high elimination rates. Those who successfully graduate each year numbered less than fifty. This meant that even having twenty percent of this year’s three hundred students graduate was quite a feat.





Follow the reassignment was introductions from each class’s teacher. For Huo Yuhao, the only good news was Zhou Yi becoming one of the two directing teachers. Each class had two directors. The other was the one who looked most favorably upon Huo Yuhao: Wang Yan.





Even Zhou Yi did not know that he had transferred from teaching upper class students to teach with her because Huo Yuhao was in Class One.





“Okay. Now please follow your class directors back to the teaching building. Wang Dong, you three come with me for your prizes,” announced Du Weilun.





Huo Yuhao had recovered to normal. At least he did not show as disturbances on his face. The three of them followed Du Weilun to the teacher’s office area.





Du Weilun’s office was on the top floor. His office was also much bigger than Zhou Yi’s, but not as elegant. He did have four bookcases, each containing treasured manuscripts.





Du Weilun smiled and pointed to the couch. “Please sit. Huo Yuhao, don’t carry any burdens in your heart. You also saw that other than you, there were students within the top three teams who did not become core disciples. Your performance was good. Especially being able to support Wang Dong’s Battle Spirit Fusion. But your personal strength requires improvement. When you can obtain the second spirit ring, you can petition the school for the best spirit ring. If you show an exceptional performance during your examination to enter year two, the academy will consider naming you an official core disciple.”





“Director Du. It is not like that. Huo Yuhao does not support me, but…” When he spoke till this point, Du Weilun had stopped him. In Du Weilun’s eyes, this was just an effort from young children acting out of friendship.





Huo Yuhao also pulled on Wang Dong’s sleeve and respectfully said to Du Weilun, “Director Du, I will definitely work hard. Thank you for your concern.”





CHAPTER 33 – TWO SPIRIT BONES

Part 1





Du Weilun was very satisfied with Huo Yuhao’s attitude. He nodded and the ruby on his right hand flashed. A rubber pouch appeared in his hand.





The bag seemed to be a Spirit Guidance Device as well. Its brown colored skin had hints of a pattern. When Huo Yuhao examined it, he could feel slight spirit power fluctuations from it.





Du Weilun said, “Children. For your victories over three Spirit Elder lead teams, and becoming the champions, I petitioned the school to give you a special reward. There is only one prize. It will be up to the three of you to decide who to receive it. This is also the most valuable prize Shrek Academy has ever awarded new students in the last three hundred years. Open and see it for yourselves.” As he spoke, he gave the pouch to Wang Dong.





Wang Dong received it. Since Huo Yuhao could not become a core disciple, he was still feeling a little depressed. His enthusiasm for this prize was a lot tamer, so he unconsciously loosened the string on the pouch.





A glowing yellow ball emerged from inside and slowly floated up in the air as the they stared in shock.





It was a delicate bone, around the size of one’s palm. The surface was covered with a yellow glow. The moment they saw it, they immediately became excited. The thick spirit power had made the air in the office seem sticky. This was the first time they had experienced such a unique feeling.





“This, this is…., spirit bone?” Wang Dong said with shock. Du Weilun had hinted that they would obtain a precious reward, but they could never have imagined it to be a spirit bone. For a spirit master, it is a hundred times more precious than a spirit ring!





A spirit ring will always appear when a spirit beast dies. But a spirit bone will only appear once out of ten thousand instances. The higher the level of the spirit beast, the more likely for a spirit bone to appear. Only a hundred thousand year spirit beast can guarantee a spirit bone upon death.





If a spirit master can obtain a spirit bone, then their power will increase a level. It will give an advantage to spirit masters of any level. In total, a spirit master can own six spirit bones. They are for the head, chest and limbs. Out of these, the most precious is the chest bone. It is the rarest. The second rarest is the head bone. The four limbs bones are relatively less valuable.





Even with these differences, a spirit bone will always be the most precious auction item in any country. There is always a demand but not enough items. To trade for one, the starting price will be at least a hundred thousand gold. In most cases, only other precious items can trade for a spirit bone.





No matter how rich and powerful Shrek Academy is, it would still not have many spirit bones stored away. Only the most talented and outstanding students will be given a spirit bone as a reward. This reward would also imply that the academy has determined this student will create accomplishments and advantages greater than the value of a spirit bone.





Huo Yuhao had a lot of anger buried within his heart, but the moment he saw this reward, all of that anger dissipated. It was not that he wanted to obtain this spirit bone, but he realized the fairness of the academy in this action.





He did not become a core disciple of the Battle Spirit Division, but can this be blamed on the academy? He only had a single ring! There were numerous students who had greater cultivation than he did. And even though he was one of the champions, he was only a fortunate lackey in this team. His first spirit ring was also white. If he were Du Weilun, then would he allow himself to become a core disciple?





With his heart’s knot finally untied, Huo Yuhao’s expression also relaxed. His forced respect became more natural too.





Du Weilun smiled, “You couldn’t imagine this right? Yes. Your reward is a spirit bone. I’m sure you all realize the value of a spirit bone, so we can only reward one. It will require you guys to decide who receives it amongst yourselves. But, be careful not to let this spirit bone affect your friendships. It may be precious, but good teammates are even more valuable. I will now give you guys a simple explanation of this spirit bone.”





“This spirit bone was chosen specially for you guys. Both offense and control types can use it. It is a left leg bone called the Bright Sky Demon Leopard Left Leg. After fusion, it will increase the body’s natural speed. It will also provide an offensive ability used by the left leg. The best part about spirit bones is that the effects are based on the battle spirits they fuse to. It is yours now. I will also give you this pouch. It has the power to hide powerful spirit power fluctuations. You should fuse with it as soon as you get back. The school may be safe, but no one is innocent. Also, make sure you keep this reward a secret. I’m sure you guys will know how to do this.”





After receiving the spirit bone, Du Weilun escorted them to the door. The three students respectfully left the education building.





The moment they left, their steps stopped at the same time. Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao looked at each other. Xiao Xiao said, “Let’s give it to Yuhao.”





Wang Dong nodded, “I agree.”





Both of them looked at Huo Yuhao. Wang Dong had also held out the pouch to him. Comparing strengths, it was unquestionable that Huo Yuhao was the weakest. If he can obtain this left spirit bone, then he will at least have an offensive ability. Adding an increase to speed, it will give Huo Yuhao the power to compete for a position in the core disciples.





But, Huo Yuhao adamantly shook his head. “No, I cannot have this spirit bone. Wang Dong, did you forget ladies first? We should give this spirit bone to Xiao Xiao. This was only our first examination. We will have to expend much more effort in the future. If we perform well, then we will definitely be rewarded another spirit bone. Out of the three of us, only Xiao Xiao is a girl. You guys have already called me leader, so how can a leader take the spoils first?”





Although Huo Yuhao was young, he obviously saw that Du Weilun never intended to give the spirit bone to him. Furthermore, as he said, he was the team leader. How can he favor himself over others?





Xiao Xiao blanked, “Yuhao, you can’t say that. In the competition, you were the most influential. You also need this spirit bone!”





Huo Yuhao smiled, “Xiao Xiao, say no more. I have already decided that I will not take this spirit bone no matter what. Think about it, I will only have a single offensive ability after fusing with this spirit bone. But, because I am a mental attribute spirit master, this extra ability may not be a boon to me. What I need more is to put in more effort, so I can expend a greater power. Having this spirit bone now would make me unconsciously rely on it for offensive. But, you are different. You have dual innate battle spirits. The extra speed will also give you a direct advantage. On the battlefield, it will help you safely control two battle spirits. I had already thought about this carefully. This spirit bone, without a doubt, suits you the most. Ladies first. Don’t be over-courteous.”





Wang Dong looked at Huo Yuhao, then at Xiao Xiao, then said helplessly, “Yuhao, this is favoring beauty for friendship!”





Xiao Xiao laughed, “Oh, you be quiet. You are the beauty to him. I’m the friend. Usually only spirit fusion between a guy and a girl involves hugging together. Yet, you two also hug. Hehe.”





Wang Dong threw the pouch directly at Xiao Xiao, and Xiao Xiao caught it, “Then I will won’t be modest. If our team can obtain another spirit bone in the future, then you two of you can choose.”





As she said this, she stored the spirit bone within her own spirit guided storage device. She was obviously excited.





Wang Dong turned toward Huo Yuhao, “Yuhao, you couldn’t become a core disciple, this…”





Huo Yuhao slightly shook his head, “Say no more. I’m fine. I am over it. Maybe I have the qualifications to become a core disciple if I partner with you guys, but what if it were only me alone? Can I still win? If there is a single opponent with an area wide attack, who pays attention to my Spirit Assault, then without your help, I will have absolutely no chance to win. The academy was fair in not naming me as a core disciple. I will have to try harder to prove myself.”





“That’s right.” A familiar voice that used to scare them was heard. Zhou Yi slowly walked toward them.





“Teacher Zhou.” The trio answered unexpectedly. Didn’t teacher Zhou already go back to the education building with teacher Wang? Why did she appear here?





Zhou Yi gave a grave look at Huo Yuhao, and showed a rarely seen look of admiration and satisfaction, “Yuhao, I came here to find you. Good thing you have already thought through it yourself. Teacher is very happy. You are indeed my student. Oh, and since you have become the best of the freshmen, I also have a reward for you.” As she said this, a silver bracelet spirit guided storage device on her hand flashed and a pouch appeared. She gave it to Huo Yuhao.





What shocked Huo Yuhao’s trio was this pouch actually looked the same as the one Du Weilun had just handed them.





“No way.” The three said at the same time.





Zhou Yi didn’t understand. “No way what?”





Xiao Xiao wordlessly took out the pouch containing the Bright Sky Demon Leopard Leg Bone. Although they needed to keep it a secret from other students, how can they keep it a secret from their own teacher?





* * *





Part 2





Zhou Yi was shocked, “This… Could it be the reward the academy gave you?”





Huo Yuhao’s trio nodded.





Zhou Yi’s eyes revealed a hint of excitement, “No wonder Director Du was so mysterious. It turns out that he gave you such a valuable prize. Which spirit bone is it?”





Huo Yuhao gave a quick explanation and stated how they had already decided for Xiao Xiao to fuse with it.





Zhou Yi nodded. “You are all good children! When faced with a spirit bone, even Spirit Emperors and Spirit Douluos cannot discuss calmly! I am also giving you a spirit bone. This is something you guys deserve. Remember the battle with Ning Tian, Wu Feng and Nanmen Yuner? That time, I made a bet with their homeroom teacher and won this spirit bone. Even though the quality is slightly worse within spirit bones, each has its own unique attributes. If you can find another two pieces of the same attribute, then you can use this to fuse with them. For those who need it, it is a priceless item. However, obtaining two pieces of similar attributed spirit bones is nearly impossible. I suggest you guys to fuse with it now. This one is a left arm bone. It is called the Soul of Secret Arts left arm bone. In reality, it is not a true spirit bone, because it is not obtained from normal methods.”





“This Soul of Secret Arts spirit bone was obtained using a unique and cruel method. It is possible to obtain a spirit bone with a ten percent chance if you kill a hundred spirit beasts within an hour and use secret arts to activate their spirit rings. It is a relatively simple method to obtain a spirit bone. But, since it has a low chance of success, and it is extremely cruel, very few spirit masters would do it. If fused directly, it will give you a fifty percent spirit power increase. The number may seem small, but this increase will remain from beginning to end. When your cultivation has reached a high enough level, its percentage increase will become more apparent.”





Huo Yuhao received Zhou Yi’s pouch and turned toward Wang Dong. But, Wang Dong looked away, “Don’t look at me. I will definitely not fuse with this spirit bone. Don’t you think it is too common?”





Seeing Wang Dong’s proud look, Huo Yuhao’s heart shook. Of course he knew that this was Wang Dong purposely trying to give him the spirit bone! Splitting future rewards is easier said than done. How hard would it be to obtain another spirit bone? When will they have another chance to decide who receives the next one?





Wang Dong’s face flushed under the bright sun. The sunlight also gave him a thin layer of light. Even though he had turned his head away, Huo Yuhao could still see the determination in his eyes.





Huo Yuhao could feel Wang Dong’s wish to right any previous injustices. He did not reject it again, but carefully stored away the Soul of Secret Arts Spirit Bone. At the same time, he buried their love deep within his heart. Such love between brothers do not require words, but is reflected in their actions.





“Mm, this spirit bone is somewhat useful. Just keep it for now. I will have you fuse with it later.” Daydream’s voice rang out within Huo Yuhao’s mind without any warning, giving him quite a shock.





“Brother Daydream.” Hearing his voice, Huo Yuhao had a feeling as if he had just been reunited with a family member. His suppressed emotions suddenly exploded as his eyes reddened. In Zhou Yi, Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao’s eyes, he was obviously moved by Wang Dong.





Daydream said with annoyance, “Little Yuhao, don’t be depressed. Your brother here will help you. Those people are short-sighted. They actually think your brother turned into a ten year spirit ring. Humph. Don’t worry. After a few years, we will make them quiver every time they see a ten year spirit ring. I will say it again. Quickly raise your spirit power to level twenty. When you reach it, I will make sure that no one ever belittles you again.”





“Mm. I will try my best to cultivate to level twenty quickly. At least before I graduate from the first year.” Even though he had come to terms with not becoming a core disciple in his heart, it still gave him a sense of urgency. With his current cultivation, it might be a challenge to even continue studying in Shrek Academy.





Zhou Yi said, “Wang Dong, you go back with Xiao Xiao first. I have things I want to say to Huo Yuhao.”





Wang Dong looked toward Huo Yuhao, his two beautiful wide eyes filled with encouragement. He waved his fist toward him and left with Xiao Xiao.





Zhou Yi walked next to Huo Yuhao and grabbed his arm. After a moment, Huo Yuhao felt as if he was flying through the clouds once again.





It didn’t take long before Zhou Yi stopped. Huo Yuhao shockingly discovered that Zhou Yi brought him to the Spirit Guidance Testing District again. The last time had left a deep impression within him. It convinced him to study spirit guidance device construction and use. To come here again. Of course he understood its meaning.





“Teacher Zhou. Did Teacher Fan Yu agree to take me?” Asked Huo Yuhao with joy.





Zhou Yi nodded slightly. “You are a smart child. However, I must remind you that your cultivation is at a dangerous level within the first years. Two rings is a requirement for entering the second year. You must reach it. I am not against you studying spirit guidance devices, but you must have a good foundation with your battle spirit. This means you should carefully manage your time.”





As they talked, Zhou Yi brought Huo Yuhao into the Spirit Guidance Testing District.





The well-built Fan Yu quickly came to meet them after Zhou Yi called. Compared to his cold expression the first time they met, he seemed a lot more gentle. He patted Huo Yuhao’s arm. “I saw your final match in the Freshman Examination. It was wonderful. You were great.”





Zhou Yi looked with surprise at Fan Yu. She was usually strict and appeared cold, but really had a warm heart. Fan Yu was different. To her understanding, he rarely praised others as he was extremely proud of himself. Huo Yuhao was only a first year student, yet, he received such high compliments.





“It’s good to see you again, Teacher Fan Yu,” greeted Huo Yuhao with a bow.





Fan Yu nodded, “I heard from Zhou Yi that your Mental Detection has improved. Come. Let’s test it.” For someone like him, who was dedicated to research, being direct was a common attitude.





“Okay.” The pure, white, million year, spirit ring rose and Huo Yuhao’s eyes became golden colored. What no one realized was that his white spirit ring also had a hint of gold flashing through it.





His Mental Detection and Sharing was released and covered an area of fifty meters in radius.





After feeling the position of every object within the field, Fan Yu nodded with satisfaction. “Mm, it is quite a big improvement. No wonder you guys were able to become the champions. With this kind of detection, you will always be able to predict the opponents’ movements. Eh…?”





As he was talking, Fan Yu suddenly found that the mental detection had changed. The previously area wide mental detection had started retracting, while lengthening in a single direction. This extending feeling was magical.





Zhou Yi was also included in Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection and Sharing. She experienced the same phenomenon. Her eyes widened. With a whisper, she asked, “How are you doing this?”





Seeing the two teachers’ surprised looks, Huo Yuhao didn’t answer. Because when he was extending it in a single direction, his focus had to be extremely stable.





Finally, when the Mental Detection reached its limit, Huo Yuhao stopped it and released his spirit.





Fan Yu looked at him with glowing eyes, “A hundred and twenty meters. Very good. You realized my wish. Yuhao, I want to ask you. Will your Mental Detection continue to grow as your cultivation improves?”





Huo Yuhao paused for a second, then nodded.





“Good!” yelled Fan Yu, scaring Huo Yuhao and Zhou Yi.





Fan Yu patted Huo Yuhao’s arm once again. “Come with me.” He turned and walked with long strides into the testing district.





“Caitou. Come here.” Fan Yu waved his hands. Huo Yuhao watched as Caitou came running toward them. When he saw Huo Yuhao, he said with pleasant surprise, “Oh it’s you! Huo Yuhao, long time no see!”





Huo Yuhao saw He Caitou’s simple and honest smile and greeted him, “Hello, Brother He. You seem even more sturdy than before.”





It was true. The dark skinned He Caitou seemed to have already become an adult. His muscles were tough. His healthy figure seemed almost the same as Fan Yu’s.





Fan Yu said, “Caitou, demonstrate the strength of a Spirit Guidance Spirit Master for Yuhao. Don’t hold back.”





“Okay!” He Caitou was obviously happy. In a flash, he had undressed his shirt and revealed his healthy muscles. Then, Huo Yuhao was stunned by what he saw.





He Caitou’s hands flew up and continuously patted his belt. One piece of metal after another came out. Then he installed them on himself….





He Caitou finished in less than ten seconds. The him now was covered by black metal. As for what these black metals were for, Huo Yuhao was obviously oblivious.





He Caitou’s body flashed and three spirit rings rose. Two yellow, one purple. The ideal setup. Right after, his first spirit ring started flashing. Then, Huo Yuhao watched as He Caitou’s mouth extended into a two centimeter long, black, yellow object.





His left hand casually rose and the black metal suddenly exploded in light. The long, thick object in his mouth seemed to have caught fire. Then, waves of white smoke rose into the air.





Huo Yuhao’s face twitched as he forced himself not to laugh out loud. The thing in He Caitou’s mouth really looked like a freshly out of the oven, a piece of steaming hot…. stool….





Of course, his piece was relatively solid….





* * *





Part 3





At that moment, he saw He Caitou tighten his cheeks as if he were inhaling. Then, a wave of white smoke floated out of his mouth. With the stick in his mouth, he walked into the testing area.





Even though Huo Yuhao was shocked by the weird effects generated by He Caitou’s spirit, he still activated his Mental Detection. The overall detection ability allowed him to notice more of his surroundings.





Just as he activated Mental Detection, Huo Yuhao immediately felt something was different. He found that within his detection range, the testing area seemed to have come alive. Huge metal spheres, each with radius of around half a meter, suddenly appeared from multiple directions.





“Be careful Brother He!” shouted Huo Yuhao.





He Caitou turned, smiled at him and gave him a thumbs up. Right afterwards, his attitude changed.





The normally gentle person suddenly had sharp eyes. He inhaled deeply with the stick in his mouth and started moving with cheetah-like speed.





To his sides, two metal spheres approached and immediately accelerated toward him. He Caitou ran forward. With a flip, he dived forward. In the next moment, his entire body had turned directions while the metal on his shoulders opened to reveal a thin hole.





Huo Yuhao immediately detected violent fluctuations of spirit power within He Caitou’s body. His spirit power quickly exploded from his shoulders. Two thin white light rays shot out and accurately hit the two metal spheres.





Huo Yuhao found that when the white rays were released, He Caitou was moving his shoulder muscles to adjust the direction the rays targeted.





The two metal spheres seemed to have paused, then right after, it dissolved in the air.





This, this is a spirit guidance device’s power? Huo Yuhao was deeply shocked. Although he had noticed the balls were hollow inside, the weight is still uncommon. Yet, they were actually destroyed by two thin rays of white light.





But, what truly shocked him came after. As He Caitou was flipping through the air, the black metal on his arms quickly floated up to cover both arms. On each arm appeared a set of metal tubes encircling it. The tubes also had a walnut pattern etched in. He Caitou’s spirit power immediately transferred from his shoulders to his arms. Then Huo Yuhao saw the six tubes on each arm fired. The instant of explosive spirit power release even distorted Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection.





In another direction, six huge metal spheres charging toward He Caitou were immediately impacted. Concave cracks appeared on them. As the six metal tubes on He Caitou’s arms rapidly fired, the six metal spheres exploded into pieces within three seconds.





Right then, another six metal spheres appeared on his sides and charged toward him.





He Caitou bit down on his stick and smiled, revealing a fierce expression. Almost every piece of black metal started activating on his body. They all moved according to changes in his muscles. Then, He Caitou’s inner spirit body bloomed like an explosion.





Even with Mental Detection’s support, Huo Yuhao was still unable to count how many metal stick-like objects appeared on He Caitou’s body. What he did see was He Caitou covered in light. Countless rays violently shot out from his body. In the terrifying spirit power fluctuations, the twelve metal spheres dissolved to pieces in the air.





It was awe-inspiring!





Finishing all this, He Caitou’s spirit power seemed to have been greatly reduced. The metal tubes on his body disappeared and it once again looked like a set of metal clothes. Huo Yuhao no longer thought he looked weird. In his eyes, the gentle, honest He Caitou had become a beast!





He had seen many three ring spirit elders. Such as Dai Huabin, Ning Tian. And his own elder brother Bei Bei and teacher Xiao Ya. They all have three rings. But in terms of battle prowess, they are not even close to the same level as He Caitou! The destructive power of those metal tubes were truly terrifying.





He Caitou came back and quickly took off those black objects. The stick in his mouth disappeared as well. There seemed to be the smell of smoke faintly lingering on his body.





Fan Yu smiled toward Huo Yuhao, “What do you think?”





Huo Yuhao subconsciously responded, “This, this is so powerful.”





Fan Yu said, “He Caitou’s cultivation is limited. What he just demonstrated is only a small part of the potential power in spirit guidance devices. He still cannot use the more powerful ones. Within all the spirit guidance devices, other than the mounted spirit guidance device you saw last time, every single one is activated by spirit power. So, spirit power cultivation is just as important to us in the Spirit Guidance Division.”





“I know that you must be curious about whether Spirit Guidance Division spirit masters or Battle Spirit Division spirit masters are stronger. I want to tell you that under seven spirit rings, Spirit Guidance Division has a distinct advantage. After seven rings, Battle Spirit Division has the advantage. On our Douluo Continent, Spirit Division has always been the main focus. But in each country’s armies, Spirit Guidance Masters are the focus. Comparatively, Spirit Guidance is more common and can easily obtain great combat prowess.”





After listening to Fan Yu’s explanation, Huo Yuhao finally had a basic understanding of Spirit Guidance Devices. After seeing He Caitou’s demonstration, he can be certain that not even four ring spirit ancestors can win against him! This made Huo Yuhao even more interested in Spirit Guidance Devices.





Fan Yu saw that the fire is almost readily. He said with a deep voice, “Even though our Spirit Guidance Division is weaker than the Battle Spirit Division after seven spirit rings in the present, it is not that simple. One of the main focuses of my research is to produce the best Spirit Guidance spirit master. I am forty-six this year, but have only accepted He Caitou as my only disciple. If you are willing, then I want to have another.”





With Huo Yuhao’s intelligence and how clear Fan Yu had already been, how could he hesitate. With a bang, he kneeled on the ground, “Teacher Fan Yu. Please take me as a disciple. I will work hard to learn.” As he said this, he kowtowed three times.





Fan Yu smiled and allowed Huo Yuhao to show his respects. After he finished, Fan Yu helped him up.





“I have already heard about your hard work from Zhou Yi. From now on, you are my second disciple. You are also my last. I will put all my effort into cultivating you and Caitou. There will be a day when I will show the Spirit Guidance Division our advancements. Yuhao, you are not only my disciple, but from now on, you are also our Spirit Guidance Division’s core disciple. I heard about the decision from the Battle Spirit Division. They did not accept you as a core disciple, and it will be their loss.”





He was a core disciple now? This fortune came way too fast. Huo Yuhao was somewhat dazed. The different treatments from the Battle Spirit Division and the Spirit Guidance Division made the scale within his heart shake.





No matter what, he was still only an eleven year old kid who grew up in a horrible environment. Huo Yuhao remembered his hatreds but even more his gratitudes. Huo Yuhao’s heart was filled with warmness when Fan Yu said he had just become a Spirit Guidance core disciple. The frustrations he had held within suddenly flowed toward his eyes.





“Teacher.” His tear couldn’t help just finally flow down.





Fan Yu opened his arms and held Huo Yuhao’s shoulders, “Good child. Don’t cry. I understand the pain in your heart. I want to tell you that no matter who it is, in order not to suffer injustices and obtain respect, you can only rely on yourself. You must use your own abilities to reject negative emotions. This is what you should do.”





“Okay.” Huo Yuhao rapidly nodded and forcefully wiped away his tears.





He Caitou came forward as well. With a laugh, he hugged Huo Yuhao. His great strength let him easily lift Huo Yuhao up and turned in a circle.





“I have a younger brother now. Hahaha. This is wonderful. I won’t be lonely anymore. Yuhao, we will be brothers in the future.”





“Brother.” He Caitou’s sincere emotions made Huo Yuhao feel a similar feeling as the one that the Tang Clan’s big brother Beibei brought him. His mood soared once again.





Fan Yu said, “Yuhao, even though you are now our Spirit Guidance Division’s core disciple, you must still obtain a good foundation. So, in the first three years, you still have to continue your education in the Battle Spirit Division. You should put your main focus on cultivating your battle spirit. Spirit power is the foundation for everything. Also, your battle spirit is unique, so you must also focus on improving your spirit abilities. I hope that you will not only become an outstanding Spirit Guidance Spirit Master, but also an outstanding Control type Battle Spirit Master.”





“Teacher will also not lie to you. Our Spirit Guidance Division and Battle Spirit Division have always had a competitive spirit. So, the fact that you have become the Spirit Guidance Division’s core disciple must be kept as a secret. When you enter the inner school in the future, it will also be our Spirit Guidance Division’s inner school. Zhou Yi will help you fill out forms for choosing the Spirit Guidance Division. Your Battle Spirit Division’s class ends every day at four o’clock. After you finish, you will directly come here to find me. You will start by learning for two hours each day. Your Battle Spirit Division will also rest for a day each week. You will also need to come here to learn. Can you handle this?”





CHAPTER 34 – FACING A CHALLENGE DOOMED TO FAILURE

Part 1





Huo Yuhao nodded with determination, “I’m ready.” Fan Yu’s attitude had completely won over Huo Yuhao’s heart. He no longer felt regret for not becoming Battle Spirit Division’s core disciple. He had come to this conclusion because there is not only him in his body, but also Daydream! Daydream had said early on that he will help Huo Yuhao obtain a fitting spirit ring. This aspect is the greatest advantage for the Battle Spirit Division students. Without this problem, anything the Battle Spirit Division can give him, the Spirit Guidance can give him as well. And furthermore, he can still temporarily receive special treatment reserved for Battle Spirit core disciples.





Fan Yu continued, “As long as you are not afraid of suffering, I will pass you all of my skills. Our Spirit Guidance Division only has more resources than the Battle Spirit Division, not less.” He walked in front of Huo Yuhao and put a necklace on his neck. The necklace was black with small, dark gold plate-shaped pendants. They were made from a mysterious metal. Each plate had complex patterns.





“With this plate, you will be able to enter any area of the outer school Spirit Guidance Division freely. You don’t have to stay longer today. But, starting tomorrow, you must come every day. Your first year had just finished reorganizing. Go back now.”





“Okay. Thank you Teacher Fan Yu.”





Zhou Yi escorted Huo Yuhao back. Watching his back, Fan Yu’s face revealed the hint of a smile. He Caitou’s overjoyed excitement had not completely disappeared either, “This is so wonderful. I have a brother. Now, teacher won’t be torturing me alone.”





Fan Yu turned around and knocked on his bald head with annoyance, “I torture you? Get back to work.”





He Caitou walked away helplessly. The moment he left, a large figure walked over next to Fan Yu. This was the Spirit Guidance vice-dean, Qian Duoduo.





“Not bad. It went smoothly. This kid Huo Yuhao has quite a character. He is a good seedling. I was really happy to see him use a Battle Spirit Fusion. But then, I thought about it and regretted it. Fortunately, Old Yan can’t even see with his eyes open. He can’t even identify a treasure and let us have such a great deal. Fan Yu, how successful do you think you will be with our ultimate training plan on him?”





Fan Yu seriously responded, “With He Caitou, I can only imagine a forty percent chance of success. But with Huo Yuhao, I can guarantee at least seventy percent chance. If they work together, give me ten to fifteen years and I will have a hundred percent chance of producing a limit pushing soldier. When they have cultivated till my age, they will reach our true target.”





“Good!” Qian Duoduo slapped his own chest, “For these words, I will allow you to use all of the Spirit Guidance Division’s resources from now on. All you have to do is finish our Extreme Individual Program. I can guarantee that you will be our Spirit Guidance Division’s next dean.”





Fan Yu’s eyes were filled with excitement, “Dean Qian, you should know that my desire to cultivate an Extreme Soldier is not for authority.”





Qian Duoduo smiled, “Of course I know that. This is because we have the same goals. The moment we achieve it, the entire continent will enter a new era.”





Fan Yu smiled, “As long as Huo Yuhao’s Battle Spirit continue to grow like now, we will surely succeed. Since the Battle Spirit Division doesn’t want an innate body Battle Spirit, then we will take him. So what if he only has a ten year ring? So what if he had a late start? To me, Huo Yuhao’s ten year ring is more powerful than any hundred year ring. Also, based on what Zhou Yi said, he had already progressed from a spirit power level of thirteen to seventeen in three short months. I made Zhou Yi keep this a secret. But with this kind of speed, how could he be trash? Fortunately, only each class’s teacher are allowed to see students’ entrance applications.”





Qian Duoduo said, “Your Zhou Yi is weird. She has to make herself look like an old woman. Why don’t you make her stop?”





Fan Yu responded helplessly, “With her stubbornness, do you really think I can stop her? She said that this appearance conveys authority to the students. Oh well. At least she isn’t like that at home.”





Zhou Yi escorted Huo Yuhao out of the Spirit Guidance Testing Area and quickly arrived back at the Battle Spirit Division. However, she didn’t bring him to the first year building.





She said to Huo Yuhao, “Yuhao, when you went to see Director Du before, did he ask you about the effects of your Battle Spirit Fusion?”





“No.” Huo Yuhao answered.





Zhou Yi frowned, “This is not good. You don’t even know what effects your Battle Spirit Fusion ability does. How will you use it next time? How about this, after you get back, you should tell Wang Dong to ask Director Du.”





Have Wang Dong go? Huo Yuhao paused.





Zhou Yi smiled, “You don’t understand? You are already the Spirit Guidance Division’s core disciple. It is better to appear as little as possibly before Director Du. Also, Teacher Wang Yan seems to hold you in high regard as well. You should try to keep a low profile when you are cultivating in the future. I know you have many suspicions, but I need to tell you that Teacher Fan Yu is wholeheartedly trying to help you become the best of a generation. I am too. Maybe you are thinking why I would be helping the Spirit Guidance Division when I am a Battle Spirit Division teacher. Then, I will tell you a secret. You follow who you marry. Fan Yu is my husband. I must support him.”





As she talked, Zhou Yi lifted her right hand and lightly teared to the right. Suddenly, a carefully crafted skin mask came off, revealing a beautiful face. She looked as if she were only twenty eight or nine. Her face was sweet and gentle.





Huo Yuhao’s mouth fell open as he stared. He could never have imagined that the perverted old hag was actually a beauty. And with her actual appearance, who could have imagine she was strict at all?





Zhou Yi had already put the skin mask back on and said helpless, “You see now that my real appearance doesn’t hold any authority. That is why I carefully crafted this appearance. I have my own teaching philosophy. You go back to Class One alone. It is still the same classroom. Remember, you must keep everything you had seen a secret. Especially the fact that you had become Fan Yu’s direct disciple. Furthermore, I heard you usually sell roast fish at night. Stop now. From this point on, you won’t have the time. As for your expenditures, the Spirit Guidance Division will provide for you. You will learn all the advantages being a core disciple of the Spirit Guidance Division comes with.”





“Yes, Teacher Zhou.” Huo Yuhao had received too much information in this short hour. He was still a bit confused. But unquestionably, the Spirit Guidance Division valued him. With Teacher Fan Yu taking him as a disciple, the anger he had felt when he couldn’t become a Battle Spirit core disciple had completely disappeared.





“Reporting in!” shouted Huo Yuhao after returning to Class One.





“Come in.” Teacher Wang Yan’s voice rang out. Huo Yuhao pushed the door open and walked in. Suddenly, the focus of every student in the classroom was on him.





Out of the four freshman classes, it was unquestionably that Class One was the strongest. But, the number of students was not large. With Offense and Control Types combined, there were less than sixty students. The largest class was Class Four, where many types of students were mixed together.





Seeing everyone’s attention on Huo Yuhao, Wang Yan smiled, “Yuhao, you came at the perfect time. We were just about to elect a class president. Please sit down first.”





Even though it was a new class, Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s seats were still the same. Xiao Xiao had switched over to sit next to Huo Yuhao. The three of them were together in a row.





Huo Yuhao had also discovered that Dai Huabin, Zhu Lu and Cui Yajie were sitting three rows away. Dai Huabin gave him a cold look when he stepped in.





On the podium, Wang Yan continued, “Next, we will elect our class president and vice-president. Since our Class One students are of offense and control types, the president and vice-president will be from different concentrations. They will also trade duties each month. I will nominate a few students. Then, everyone can vote anonymously.





As he said this, he turned toward the blackboard and wrote two rows of names. The top row were offense types. The names were Wang Dong, Dai Huabin, Zhou Sichen, Huang Chutian and Wu Feng.





The second row of names were control types. The first name was Huo Yuhao, followed by Cao Jinxuan, Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo.





A total of nine names appeared on the blackboard. From Wang Yan’s order of names, it was obvious that Wang Dong was most favored. No one questioned it since his team did win the Freshman Examination. Wang Dong was the top choice. Even though he did not have three rings of cultivation, the power of his Bright Goddess Butterfly was seen by all.





But, when Huo Yuhao’s name appeared first for control types, a lot of whispers appeared. The former Class One students were fine since Huo Yuhao was their class president before as well. They had all seen Huo Yuhao’s hard work. But students from other classes were full of dissatisfaction.





Even though Huo Yuhao, Wang Dong, and Xiao Xiao won the Freshman Examination together, many students were saying he was the luckiest of all the students. A single ring student actually managed to become one of the champions. He even received the same treatment as core disciples. All this made many people envious.





“Teacher Wang, I have an objection.” Wu Feng, sitting near Dai Huabin, suddenly raised her hand.





Wang Yan and Zhou Yi’s teaching styles were very different. He had a gentle attitude and smiled, “Is there something wrong Wu Feng?”





Wu Feng said with contempt, “I believe Huo Yuhao does not have the qualifications to be considered for class president. He is only a single ring spirit master. And that spirit ring is only ten years. Even if he is one of the champions of the Freshman Examination, that is still because he followed Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. What qualifications does he have to be class president?”





* * *





Part 2





Ning Tian had Wu Feng before about her suspicions of Huo Yuhao’s abilities. Later, they analyzed battles fought by Huo Yuhao’s trio. Especially their Spirit Fusion Ability. In the end, they decided that what made Ning Tian faint was Wang Dong’s ability. Not something Huo Yuhao could have accomplished. The reason Huo Yuhao could join this champion team was because of his spirit fusion with Wang Dong.





It was also because of their loss to Huo Yuhao’s trio that they were eliminated. Her anger had never disappeared. She immediately raised an objection.





With her action, many other students immediately joined in. Especially those of the control type. In a moment, most students were high with emotions.





Wang Yan frowned and said with a deep voice, “Huo Yuhao also won like Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. He has his own outstanding attributes. I have personally tested his spirit ability. At the same level, there are few other control type spirit masters who can compare to him. My suggestions are all from Freshman Examination rankings.”





Wu Feng did not back down at all, “Teacher Wang, you said that his spirit ability is better than people of his level. But what is his level? It is only a single ring. Our class already has three ring Spirit Elders. How is a single ring spirit master worthy of being nominated for class president? How can anyone be satisfied with this?”





“Bang!” Wang Dong slapped his desk as he stood up. He turned to face Wu Feng, “Don’t go overboard. Are you objecting your loss to us during the elimination rounds? You can challenge us again any time if you dare!”





Wu Feng answered with anger, “Yes. I am dissatisfied. So what? Weren’t we taught that control types can restrain offense types? If he can win against me then I will accept it. I will also agree with his nomination for class president.”





“Shut up. I will fight you. If you dare then come to the Spirit Battle District with me now.” Wang Dong was about to spit fire as he started emitting spirit power.





“Enough.” Wang Yan’s voice carried thick spirit power and forcefully shut them both up.





“Everyone sit down.”





Only with this did Wu Feng and Wang Dong unwillingly sit back down.





Wang Yan gravely said, “If there are objections then let’s all decide together. If more than half of the people here object to Huo Yuhao as class president, then I will erase his name. Those who object, raise your hands.”





If it were Zhou Yi, then she would never have handled it like this. She would have overpowered the crowd and have directly made Huo Yuhao the class president. If anyone objected, they would have been punished.





But Wang Yan was different. He was the warm and scholarly type. He liked to act with logic. But because of this, he had much less authority with students.





The moment Wang Yan finished his sentence, almost two thirds of the students raised their hands together. It could have been because of jealousy for Huo Yuhao winning with only a single spirit ring or because of Wu Feng’s words. Only former Class One students and those with a calm attitude did not raise their hands.





Everyone who could enter Shrek Academy were geniuses. This could be seen by the fast that most were able to obtain the best spirit ring setup before their fourth spirit ring. It was easy to feel arrogant. Agreeing to a class president with only a single spirit ring, how can they not harbor ill feelings and envy?





Wang Yan didn’t expect such a situation. He blanked for a moment.





Wang Dong was furious and rose again. But this time, Huo Yuhao pulled him down.





Wu Feng proudly said, “Teacher Wang. We have the majority. Let’s erase his name.”





Wang Yan was in a tough spot. He had taught many students, but this type of situation was his first. Also, he had already spoken before, so he cannot back out. He looked at Huo Yuhao with some guilt.





Just as he was about to announce that he will erase Huo Yuhao’s name, Huo Yuhao slowly raised his hand.





From Wu Feng’s objection to now, Huo Yuhao did not show any emotional change. He even blocked Wang Dong from doing anything rash. But was his heart really so calm?





Wang Yan said, “Yuhao, you can speak.”





Huo Yuhao slowly rose without even looking at Wu Feng. He calmly and slowly said, “Teacher Wang, I understand Wu Feng’s objection. She mainly doubts my abilities to act as a class president. Before you cancel my nomination, I want to say that I am willing to accept Wu Feng’s challenge. If I win, then I ask everyone to vote again.”





Even though his voice sounded calm, the moment he said these words, the entire Freshman Class One became silent.





Dai Huabin, Zhu Lu and Wu Feng were shocked. No one imagined that he would be willing to accept Wu Feng’s challenge.





Wu Feng possessed the Red Dragon battle spirit. Based on quality, it is only slightly below Dai Huabin’s White Tiger and Wang Dong’s Bright Goddess Butterfly. And that difference is miniscule. She also had the perfect combination of two hundred year rings. With her brute forth and level twenty-five cultivation, she was way better than Huo Yuhao in every single aspect! Her qualities were also supported by the fact that she was selected to become a core disciple. Even Shrek Academy teachers believed she has great potential.





Even though Huo Yuhao was a control type spirit master, he was still a mental attribute one. His spirit power is also only in the teens, with a ten year spirit ring. No matter how one looked at it, no one could believe he can fight against Wu Feng.





At this moment, Huo Yuhao accepted Wu Feng’s challenge. Even more than his calm voice, but the determination in his words shocked everyone.





Wang Yan’s pupils contracted slightly. He paused for a few seconds while looking at Huo Yuhao’s calm expression. Then he inhaled deeply and nodded. “Okay. Since it has come to this, then I allow you two to fight in the Spirit Battle District. However, for fairness, why don’t we make a bet. If Wu Feng can win against Huo Yuhao, then Huo Yuhao’s nomination will be recalled. If Huo Yuhao wins, then I will cancel Wu Feng’s nomination for class president. Today, I will make an exception. Everyone rise. Let’s go to the Spirit Battle District.”





Wu Feng didn’t object to the bet. She had Wang Dong and Dai Huabin in front of her on the list anyway, so her chances of winning were slim. Also, how could she admit defeat to Huo Yuhao, who only had a ten year spirit ring?





After a short pause of shock, Wu Feng’s face was filled with disdain and contempt. As students were leaving the classroom, she purposely walked next to Huo Yuhao and whispered, “Today, I will beat you until you are crippled.”





Huo Yuhao coldly stared at this over-masculine Red Dragon spirit master, and walked out with large steps.





He had already endured so much today. He also realized that if he backed down today and had his nomination cancelled, then he would forever be unable to raise his head. The effect on his mind would far outweigh anything else. So, he chose to fight. Even if he loses, he must fight. He will lose like a man. If he didn’t even have the courage to accept Wu Feng’s challenge, then how would he ever be able to obtain his vengence?





The entire Class One student body arrived at the Spirit Battle District. Wang Yan paid the fees for their battle. Other than Freshman Class One students, no one else was present. This will also be the first individual battle after the students entered the academy.





Wang Dong followed closely by Huo Yuhao, but didn’t say a word. He understood Huo Yuhao’s mood today. Not being able to become a core disciple, then to receive such humiliation. Huo Yuhao chose not to tolerate such grievances and chose this kind of method to prove himself.





Xiao Xiao also stayed silent. She just watched Huo Yuhao. In her eyes, this companion is not simply a youngster, but a man. A man who is willing to stand up to anything. Not everyone possesses the courage to stand up to an opponent much stronger than himself. To fight while knowing it’s a loss, how many people could do this?





“Time to bet, time to bet. I will be the host. Anyone willing to bet? Huo Yuhao, one to ten, Wu Feng, ten to one.” The Treasured Book battle spirit user, Zhou Sichen, yelled out. Teacher Wang Yan had gone with Huo Yuhao and Wu Feng toward the battlefield, so no one was in charge of the students anymore.





“I bet one hundred gold coins on Wu Feng.” Dai Huabin was the first to go to Zhou Sichen. He directly retrieved a heavy money pouch and gave it to Zhou Sichen.





Zhou Sichen’s face twitched, “You don’t have to be this cruel.”





Dai Huabin answered with disdain, “You dare act as host without courage. Then don’t open your mouth.”





Zhou Sichen was agitated by Dai Huabin’s cold words, so he angrily said, “Then I will receive it. Like I’m afraid of you. Even if you win, it’s only ten gold coins. I will pay whatever it may be.”





But, what happened after made him cry without tears. Many more students ran toward him to bet on Wu Feng. Their power difference was too great. No one favored Huo Yuhao. Even the possibility of incurring a great loss didn’t deter them.





Zhou Sichen’s face looked worse and worse. But since he already said such arrogant words, it was impossible to retract them now. After a few moments, his face looked like the bottom of a pot.





“I bet on Huo Yuhao. One thousand gold.” Just then, a voice that made Zhou Sichen overjoyed rang out.





Standing in front of him, and putting a beautiful gold slip in his hand was Wang Dong.





Xiao Xiao was next to him and also brought out a slip, “I also bet one thousand.”





* * *





Part 3





Hearing their voices, Zhou Sichen thought he was listening to a melody. With every other student’s gold added together, it was still only two thousand gold coins. But Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao bet this much with only the two of them. That means, even if Huo Yuhao lost, he as the host wouldn’t be losing much money. At least he wasn’t in danger anymore.





“We bet fifty gold on Huo Yuhao.” Two clear voices rang out. Zhou Sichen was surprised to find that there were actually others who dared to bet on Huo Yuhao. When he looked, he found the Lan Susu and Lan Luoluo sisters behind Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao.





The sisters only wanted a smile from Wang Dong, so they brought out fifty gold coins.





“I also bet fifty.” Another voice rang out. This time Zhou Sichen was dumbfounded. Because the person who bet this time was actually his best friend, the Time Fleeing Clock spirit master, Cao Jinxuan. He was defeated by Huo Yuhao and Wang Dong’s Soul Assault before he even brought out his battle spirit.





“Jinxuan, what are you up to?” Zhou Sichen asked with suspicions.





Cao Jinxuan laughed, “I know you have money. Can’t I bet on a low chance?”





Zhou Sichen looked at him with doubt, “That’s not right. You’re the type to never rise early without benefit. You don’t do anything without assurances.”





Cao Jinxuan confidently said, “That isn’t your problem. I want to bet fifty. It’s not too cruel. I want to remind you that if Huo Yuhao wins, you will be bankrupt. One to ten. These two thousand, one hundred gold coins will become twenty-one thousand. Do you have so much money?”





“Huh…” Cold sweat immediately poured out of him. Right! What if Huo Yuhao wins? Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao bet one thousand gold each. Ten times. That is an astronomical number for him!





“Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, can you two bet less?” Just a moment ago, Zhou Sichen was hoping Huo Yuhao could win, but now he had a complete change of heart.





Wang Dong responded, “You said you were willing to take however much. I have confidence in Yuhao. I’m not even afraid of losing. Why should you be.” Afterwards, he turned with Xiao Xiao to find a place to sit.





Seeing his back, Zhou Sichen said angrily, “Hmph. Let’s see how you cry when you lose. It’s impossible for Huo Yuhao to win against Wu Feng. There’s such a big difference. But the rates I set up really is enough to bury my father! I should have been more careful while still making a profit.”





Cao Jinxuan patted his shoulder. He said casually, “Impulse is the devil!”





When the students were focused on betting, Huo Yuhao and Wu Feng walked into the Spirit Battle Arena. For safety, Wang Yan was their referee.





After entering, Wang Yan strictly said, “I will remind you guys again, this is purely a match of skills. You may try your best, but must not cripple the opponent. Do you understand? If I discover one side has a great advantage, then I will stop the match.”





Huo Yuhao and Wu Feng nodded at the same time. Wu Feng loudly said, “Teacher Wang, then wouldn’t you have to stop the match after a few seconds?”





She turned and walked to one side of the arena. Although she was not even twelve years old, Wu Feng’s figure was more developed than other girls. Her body was tall and slender. She also had distinctive feminine features, especially her fire like red hair, giving off a unique beauty. However, her savage character didn’t match her beautiful appearances.





Huo Yuhao slowly backed away. Wang Yan said to him quietly: “Somethings cannot be forced. Don’t push yourself too hard. Sometimes patience is also a strength.”





Huo Yuhao could feel Wang Yan’s concern for him. He nodded, then retreated. He understood Wang Yan’s words, but his heart told him to fight with everything he had. He never even considered backing down.





In a few moments, both competitors were a hundred meters apart.





Wang Yan stood in the middle, his arms straight, parallel to the ground. After seeing the competitors ready, he raised his arms up and yelled, “Start.”





Wu Feng moved almost immediately. Her red hair flew into the air as if a red cloud was charging into Huo Yuhao. Every time her slender legs touched the ground, her body would speed forward. In an instant, she had already dashed forward tens of meters.





As her slender form rushed forward, dragon scales started covering her body. With their distance drawing closer, Huo Yuhao could feel her wild and sturdy spirit.





What shocked observers was that Huo Yuhao didn’t move. Instead, he closed his eyes and stood there silently as if he were in a trance.





The observations decks became completely silent as everyone focused their attentions on the battlefield. The most attentive were, of course, Wang Dong, Xiao Xiao, and also, Zhou Sichen.





Cao Jinxuan stared at the field as well. But he did not focus his gaze on Wu Feng. He was observing every movement made by Huo Yuhao.





Just as Zhou Sichen guessed, Cao Jinxuan didn’t bet on Huo Yuhao out of impulse. He also wasn’t aiming at betting a low chance. He had his own goals.





In Zhou Sichen’s team, the real leader was actually Cao Jinxuan. Cao Jinxuan’s Time Fleeing Clock was a rarely seen tool battle spirit that can control the passage of time. Cao Jinxuan was responsible for their team entering the top four. And as an outstanding control type spirit master, he understood Huo Yuhao better than others.





When they fought before, he was knocked out before he even had a chance to use a single spirit ability. Many people thought it was Wang Dong’s effort. But Cao Jinxuan knew that it was a mental attack. Even if Wang Dong helped, the main attacker was still Huo Yuhao. More importantly, he was prepared for this type of long range attack. Time was twisted around him. It was hard for the naked eye to discern, so he was never afraid of physical attacks. But, even when his Fleeing Time Clock could alter time, it couldn’t affect Huo Yuhao’s Mental Detection. There was no way for him to avoid a direct hit. This made Cao Jinxuan much more interested in Huo Yuhao.





He had a strong desire for knowledge. He really wanted to know how Huo Yuhao accomplished it with only a ten year spirit ring! Could it be that his spirit ability had two uses? Or a single spirit ability with two effects? Detection with attack? Then was it still a ten year spirit ring? Only a hundred thousand year spirit ring can have two abilities!





So, even if everyone thought Huo Yuhao was going to lose, Cao Jinxuan still had confidence in him. This confidence was even stronger than Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao. Sometimes, only an opponent can truly understand another.





Within the Spirit Battle Arena, the distance between the competitors shortened. Against the silent Huo Yuhao, Wu Feng became more cautious. She did get knocked out by him before. After her investigations, she felt that the best defense was to concentrate her spirit power at her head to protect her consciousness.





So, Wu Feng didn’t use any spirit abilities. From her perspective, if they competed with combat power, then Huo Yuhao had no chance of winning. She only needed to be careful of that Soul Assault spirit ability. In reality, other than Wang Dong and Xiao Xiao, no other students knew that Huo Yuhao’s main skill was Mental Detection.





As one looked, the distance was only five meters apart. Wu Feng violently kicked the ground and her body sprang like an arrow toward Huo Yuhao.





Just then, Huo Yuhao finally moved. As Wu Feng made her move, his foot moved slightly as he quickly dodged toward the left. At the same time, he sweeped with his other leg, directly toward Wu Feng’s lower abdomen.





When Wu Feng jumped, her arms were up high. Both palms targeting Huo Yuhao’s shoulders. Huo Yuhao took advantage of Mental Detection and beautifully followed her movements. So, the moment she moved, he had already dodged aside. His right leg’s sweep was also at a position that Wu Feng couldn’t defend.





Even though she was full of confidence, such a result was hard to accept. Of course she didn’t want to be kicked. Helplessly, she twisted her body in the air to dodge. But her previous jump couldn’t be changed.





No one could have imagined that Huo Yuhao’s attack stopped midair. His left leg sprang forward and he jumped more than half a meter. His right leg also changed from a sweep to a kick. It perfectly landed on Wu Feng’s shapely buttocks.





The buttocks are a body’s center of gravity. Being kicked in the air meant her balance was completely destroyed. Wu Feng suddenly made a surprised noise as she was dodging in the air. She almost twisted her waist as she slammed her left hand on the ground to regain control of her body.





After Huo Yuhao kicked out, he immediately followed it with another movement. His right leg smoothly landed on the ground and he jumped toward Wu Feng. Even now, his eyes were still closed. But his observation of the outside world was even more clear than with his eyes.





Wu Feng’s left hand had just made contact with the ground. Her body’s fall was also slowed. But then, Huo Yuhao arrived. His right foot kicked the ground and his left foot stomped on Wu Feng’s thin waist.





Of course Wu Feng didn’t want him to succeed. She lifted her right knee to meet Huo Yuhao’s left foot. At the same time, she pushed with her left hand on the ground. Borrowing her body’s sturdiness, she forcefully turned light lightening and kicked at Huo Yuhao with her left leg.





Feeling anger and embarrassment, she gave all she had on this one kick. Although spirit abilities were not used, a kick from a Spirit Grandmaster could not be easily ignored.





However, Wu Feng misjudged once again. Huo Yuhao suddenly took back his left leg in mid-air, and squated instantly. Right after he dodged Wu Feng’s kick, his flexible body rushed forward and slapped both palms firmly onto Wu Feng’s back.





CHAPTER 35 – I HAVEN’T LOST YET!

Part 1





This time, Huo Yuhao didn’t hold back at all. His palms turned jade-colored as he used Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon.





With only a “pong” sound, Wu Feng’s body was hit five meters away by Huo Yuhao’s attack. This time, there was no way for her to regain her balance as she fell on the ground, becoming a rolling gourd.





Although Huo Yuhao’s cultivation was less than Wu Feng’s, he still had a level seventeen spirit power. He was a truly spirit master. A fully powered Mystic Jade Hands and Controlling Crane Capturing Dragon could not be looked down upon.





When Wu Feng stood up, her slender figure swayed uncontrollable. Then she spat out a mouthful of blood. It was obvious that she got injured.





On the observation decks, every single Class One student were open-mouthed with shock.





Before this match started, who could have thought of a conclusion like this? No one!





Huo Yuhao had almost a complete advantage. Wu Feng didn’t even get a single chance to counterattack.





Dai Huabin was shocked. Zhu Lu was shocked. Xiao Xiao’s eyes widened. Zhou Sichen nervously bit his finger. Cao Jinxuan’s eyes were clear and unmoving from Huo Yuhao.





On the surface, neither side had used spirit abilities. An offensive type spirit master actually lost to a control type spirit master in a contest of brute force. And it was also in the circumstance of a large cultivation difference.





With the Red Dragon battle spirit, Wu Feng’s constitution was much better than Huo Yuhao’s. Be it speed, power, flexibility, everything should be better than Huo Yuhao’s. But, what was her situation?





Her bottom was kicked. Then, she was knocked flying away. She even spat out blood. Even when the Red Dragon battle spirit was activated, her relatively strong defense was broken. How could Huo Yuhao have such power?





In the Freshman Examination, other than Dai Huabin’s trio, Huo Yuhao never demonstrated his Ghost Elusive Steps. He also almost never participated in direct battles, always standing in the back. So, his close-range combat abilities were underestimated. Only now did everyone realize that they were so wrong. Especially students without two spirit rings. They wondered, if they were fighting against Huo Yuhao in close combat, how would they win? Was Wu Feng’s defeat really due to her carelessness?





Wang Dong was also shocked. He thought of many ways that Huo Yuhao could fight against Wu Feng. The only exception was close combat. But, he actually chose to fight at a disadvantage. And won?





The most shocked was Wu Feng herself. She never imagined that Huo Yuhao would fight her like this. Her caution against a mental assault never came, and it even caused her to suffer on the field.





When Huo Yuhao hit her with his palms, she felt as if she was slammed by two metal blocks. Two flexible power also went in. They directly hit her internal organs. Even with her powerful spirit power, she still couldn’t dissolve it in a short time. She couldn’t help but spit out some blood to alleviate the damage. But, her internal organs had been wounded already.





What made Wu Feng even more angry was the kick on her butt. There was enough covering her bones, so it didn’t hurt much. But this happened in front of all the students! Also, she never let a guy touch that place. A weird feeling continuously came from her butt. This was also the reason she staggered after standing up.





“Bastard, I’ll kill you.” Wu Feng angrily shouted. Then she pounced forward like a wild female tiger. This time, she didn’t hold back at all and used her first spirit ability, Dragon Fire.





In all of Class One’s offense type spirit masters, comparing personal enhancement, the first was, of course, Dai Huabin’s thousand year spirit ring White Tiger Vajra. The second was Wu Feng’s two abilities, Dragon Fire and Dragon Fury. They both enhanced her power and had a close-range offensive force. She was definitely good at close combat. If Dai Huabin didn’t use his third spirit ability and they fought directly, even he might not be able to win. But, she just lost to Huo Yuhao and got taken advantage of!





Huo Yuhao still had his eyes closed, but his expression became darker. For him to injure Wu Feng in close combat was already a miracle. He accomplished it using the Tang Clan’s secret arts and his predictive Mental Detection. Another reason was because Wu Feng didn’t use any spirit abilities.





Thick Dragon Fire enveloped her body and burnt everything a feet away. Even before she was there, hot air was already streaming forward. Huo Yuhao was a mental attribute spirit master. His Spirit Eyes battle spirit cannot upgrade his body in anyway. He could predict his opponent’s movements, but could not break their spirit abilities.





However, Huo Yuhao didn’t retreat. He knew that he didn’t have many chances in this battle. To have injured his opponent while she was oblivious to his close combat abilities was already an accomplishment. But, he didn’t want to lose. Even if there was the sliver of a chance, he would still fight on.





So, Huo Yuhao didn’t retreat. He used Ghost Elusive Steps to charge forward while enduring the burning temperature.





This time, Wu Feng didn’t jump, but lightly charged toward Huo yuhao. Her left hand went directly forward to hit Huo Yuhao’s chest. Her feet also stood steadily on the ground.





With her qualifications as a core disciple, even if she was emotional, she was not reckless. She was careful after taking a loss.





Facing this attack, Huo Yuhao’s forward charging body suddenly went toward the left to dodge Wu Feng. With a twist of his body, he was on the side of Wu Feng.





Wu Feng’s right leg kicked out at Huo Yuhao like lightning. This movement was extremely fast. It would have hit Huo Yuhao’s chest in an instant.





But who knew, that in that instant, Huo Yuhao’s feet slipped and seemed to fall forward uncontrollable. Wu Feng’s kick only lightly brushed passed. It could still be seen that the front of Huo Yuhao’s shirt was burnt yellow. The hot Dragon Fire also covered his body.





Mental Detection wasn’t all powerful. Huo Yuhao’s speed couldn’t match up to his mental powers. To have come this far was already after expending every effort.





* * *





Part 2





Wu Feng’s kick missed and her side was exposed to Huo Yuhao. He bent back and grabbed onto Wu Feng despite the high temperature from Dragon Fire. Then, he heavily kicked Wu Feng on the back and made her stagger forward.





But, Huo Yuhao let go almost immediately after grabbing her. With Dragon Fire protecting Wu Feng’s body, everything around her was burning. Also, the moment he grabbed on, he felt that something was amiss.





It felt like two groups of elastic meat. Somewhat firm. But when he grabbed them, it actually made his hands bounce off. What Huo Yuhao grabbed was just clothes. No, it is more accurate to say that they were pants…





The suddenly elongated pants revealed white panties and blushed skin…





Huo Yuhao was also shocked. When he kicked out, he also unconsciously reduced his strength.





As Wu Feng staggered forward, she grabbed onto her pants. With embarrassment and anger, she quickly squatted and swept back with her right leg.





This guy! After doing something bad, anyone would feel lose a bit of focus. Huo Yuhao was the same. Even though he didn’t look with his eyes, his Mental Detection’s three dimensional imagery was not far from directly sight.





He had just blurted out, “I didn’t see anything,” before Wu Feng’s leg was in front of him.





It was impossible to dodge. So Huo Yuhao could only block her counterattack with Mystic Jade Hands.





Wu Feng’s strength was tremendous. Especially with spirit power support. Huo Yuhao felt as if a huge, burning piece of metal smacked into him. His entire body slipped back.





Both of his hands were protected by Mystic Jade hands, so he didn’t suffer any burn damage. But, this attack’s strength was so great that he couldn’t block it completely. His hands collided against his face. All he could feel was a slight faint, then blood rushed out of his nose.





Later on, many people asked him if his nose bleed was because he saw something he shouldn’t have or because he was actually kicked.





The kick injured Huo Yuhao, while Wu Feng also saved her pants. She felt as if she were going to go crazy. He kicked my butt. But fine. Then he touched. Okay, I’ll let that go. But now, he actually wants to tear my pants off to see.





“Huo Yuhao, you bastard.” Wu Feng’s violent red glow turned into a dark red. She used her second spirit ability, Dragon Fury. Her entire body seemed to have disappeared with a boom as she rushed toward Huo Yuhao without any sense of giving up.





Just then, Huo Yuhao finally opened his eyes. Wang Yan had just been prepared to stop the fight, but when Huo Yuhao opened his eyes, Wang Yan stopped in the middle of his step.





Huo Yuhao’s eyes were golden colored. Even with Wu Feng’s purple glow, that golden color wasn’t covered at all.





Because of anger, and the use of her two spirit abilities at the same time, Wu Feng had completely forgotten to defend against Huo Yuhao’s real attack.





Her mind felt as if it had been stabbed by a needle. Wu Feng immediately became dazed. The deep red glow also became fainter. She subconsciously covered her head because of the deep pain from Soul Assault.





Huo Yuhao took this chance to rush toward Wu Feng. He used both hands to grab onto Wu Feng to throw her down.





But, even if he can calculate everything carefully, there will still be times when he fails. He underestimated Dragon Fury’s impact and also ignored his arm being injured by Wu Feng’s kick before.





Although he grabbed on, the extremely hot air made Huo Yuhao feel as if he had just grabbed onto the sun. His sleeves almost turned to ash. Due to the great pain, he subconsciously let go.





Even though Wu Feng had just experienced Soul Assault, her natural combat abilities still existed. She moved her body slightly and her left shoulder collided against Huo Yuhao’s chest. This pushed him away.





This hit was too strong. Although his chest bone didn’t break due to spirit power protection, that violent force entered into his body. He spat out a mouthful of blood while still moving through the air. When he fell on the ground, everything in front of him turned to darkness as he almost fainted.





Wu Feng still covered her head with her hands as she squatted on the ground. She continuously moaned in pain. Huo Yuhao’s charged Soul Assault wasn’t so easy to endure. A stream of blood also flowed out of her nose. But compared to Huo Yuhao’s situation, she was still better.





It was over. Wang Yan sighed in his heart. Even though Huo Yuhao lost, it could still be said that he regained his honor. To injure Wu Feng with his cultivation was already enough to make him proud. No matter what, his strength lies in support! Wang Yan never thought that he could have such ability in this area.





But, was it really over?





Wu Feng hugged her head and slowly stood up. The deep pain made her spirit power fluctuate. Shame. This was such a great shame!





The violent pain finally subsided a little. Wu Feng found Wang Yan standing between them and knew that she probably didn’t have another chance to act against Huo Yuhao that day. But her anger screamed within her heart, “Huo Yuhao, just you wait. As long as you are in Class One, I will target you until you are expelled from Shrek Academy.”





Under everyone’s gaze, Huo Yuhao crawled back up from the ground. When he raised his head, every observer was shocked to see his eyes turning red. His cold gaze fell upon the nearby Wu Feng as if he were a bloodthirsty tiger about to bite into someone. Those brutal eyes caused Wu Feng to shiver as if she had just been stung by a poisonous scorpion. She shivered.





“I didn’t lose yet!”





Huo Yuhao’s voice was hoarse, but it was filled with determination. Yes, he didn’t lose yet. As long as he had a breath left, he wouldn’t admit defeat. The anger in his heart maintained him. With how much his body suffered, how much verbal abuse was hurled at him, everything that had repressed Huo Yuhao all these years exploded in this instant.





But just then, suddenly, his body shook. Right after, his faint red eyes changed colors again. This time, it was filled with a color that strikes fear into people. One full of death. Grey!





